Tim Sackton: It's about 60'clock. The sun is setting. Oh, one more second!
Tim Sackton: Oh, yes! Do you need dice? Oh, sacred Dicey! Just leave me! A few
Tim Sackton: stole all my dice.
Tim Sackton: My teenage son is also running a d in the game tonight, and I took all these guys. No, no.
Tim Sackton: sorry.
Tim Sackton: Sorry.
Tim Sackton: I like rolling physical dice much more than these electronic things.
Tim Sackton: okay. So
Tim Sackton: as the
Tim Sackton: sun sets in the sky, it's like mid October, so gets dark.
Tim Sackton: it gets, you know, it's getting dark by 6. Never decided. If toga has daylight savings time or not.
Tim Sackton: what would you like to do?
Tim Sackton: And maybe, as we start. Actually, could you just
Tim Sackton: go just give it a quick description of each of your character just to remind each other who you all are.
Phil Grayson: I'm Phil, I'm playing ace scale the lizard folk, alchemist and gambler.
Sara (she/her): I'm Sarah. I'm playing Lauria, the female halfling Ranger
Sara (she/her): with what was it called swarm
Tim Sackton: swarm keepers warm of birds, yes, and 2 vicious short swords
Sara (she/her): and 2 vicious swords.
Sara (she/her): and does not do well under pressure. Super not okay with pressure panics at the slightest touch. Is that a serotry?
Dylan: Are? I guess I'm Dylan playing Dylan just spelt differently to make things easy. With the human artificer with or
Dylan: I wanna say robot dog middle dog, I guess, is probably with gears and such it feels weird. If it was like actual electricity, so magical gears and such, I'd imagine a magic dog. Yeah.
John L: I'm John, and I am playing Gaiden, who is a human
John L: warlock with a vague Fay energy.
Tim Sackton: So can we float the idea of a steam pup?
Tim Sackton: That's very good
Dylan: 100%.
Sara (she/her): I think we just like we end the night there. That was.
Phil Grayson: Yeah, I'll see you in 3 weeks.
Phil Grayson: I just finished watching the the Purina dog show from Thanksgiving. It was on
Phil Grayson: so Nicole and I were. We're up on the couch watching the vested show there. So I got my dog references.
Phil Grayson: Nice ready to go.
Sara (she/her): Take that.
Dylan: So would we have made camp, I guess, like we've we interrogated this, the sucker a whole lot, and being the impression we're hunkering down for the evening, or
Dylan: what's the unless you wanna explore the tunnels at night.
Tim Sackton: That's certainly a reasonable choice.
Tim Sackton: I mean to hunger down and camp.
Tim Sackton: You're pretty confident you could sleep here safely tonight. Okay.
Tim Sackton: but the night is early, so whether you wanna go to sleep now or not is up to you.
John L: Anyway, I can't. Sorry. Did we let
Tim Sackton: polkon go? We did. Yeah, because you scared him right, and you scared him, and you sent him back to warn the other goblin not to come by them
Phil Grayson: if we had. Yeah.
Dylan: Hmm.
Dylan: yes, I guess we need.
Dylan: and we would be done outside. What? What do we like? I think, before they would have gone back to some sort of shelter, right? Not too bad in that prison cell. So
Phil Grayson: maybe just some of the some extra padding from that coat room would be nice
Sara (she/her):  so we're gonna rest the night back inside.
Dylan: I think. So. Yeah. So go ahead and take a long rest.
Dylan: Excellent.
Dylan: just click it.
Tim Sackton: I guess. Yeah, you should be able to just click.
John L: II snore. So I'm gonna
John L: move off a little area kind of off to the side out of the way. It's very considerate of you.
Tim Sackton: So wake up.
Tim Sackton: you know you have your have your dinner, get your camp set up in the
Tim Sackton: in the room that you were locked away in, but much more comfortable now with  you know, without
Tim Sackton: being locked in a prison cell.
Tim Sackton: Get some food. There's still like a third of a barrel of apple brandy.
Tim Sackton: There's actually a decent amount of nice rations here that that you can you know. Clean up a bit with your purify few food and drink to make yourself a nice dinner.
Tim Sackton:  and yeah, you you get some sleep.
Tim Sackton: Get up pre-dawn light before the sun fully rises, rested
Tim Sackton:  garden stumbles out from the side room he slept in to avoid keeping you all awake with this
Sara (she/her): powerful snores.
Tim Sackton: It all seems seems quiet and say.
Sara (she/her): you know, you got an early night, right? So say, it's like 4 in the morning, right? You've got an hour
Tim Sackton: and a half 2 h before.
Tim Sackton: Fold on sort of
Tim Sackton: dim light. free dawn, twilight.
Phil Grayson: Tim. Could I? Could I wrestle up a few empty flasks or potions from that room. Oh, yeah, sure.
Tim Sackton: yeah, definitely. I mean, there's the the cloakroom had all sorts of like containers, pouches, flasks.
Tim Sackton: water skins.
Phil Grayson: backpacks, just like everything. Something could be kept in. Well, I will have an endless supply of empty flasks, and then I had one spell slot left, so before bed I'll make an experimental elixir. And then I get another one on the long rest. And that one, I think, is random.
Tim Sackton: that one's random. Yeah.
Phil Grayson: okay.
John L: is there any
John L: dumb Arabic around.
Tim Sackton: Is that a common item? You've got your arcane focus back. One of the one of the goblins was playing with it. So you don't need material compared to
John L: got it. That was just for the first bite.
Phil Grayson: How do I roll just like a d. 6 in here again. is it in the chat log or
Tim Sackton: a
Tim Sackton: there's there should be like a little icon of a on the bottom left side of your screen. Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: and that should give you any dice you need.
Phil Grayson: Okay.
Dylan: cool, cool.
Tim Sackton: and your artificers. You can. After a long rest, you can pick
Tim Sackton: infusions except you still need to find a gem or a crystal for your homunculus. But I think all the other infusions are.
Dylan: Yeah, you could just do them after a long race. I was just having a look on Dnd beyond. II did it for the weapon, and now I close. Don't recall how to
Dylan: put it on something else. I'm just around. I think there's like a manage. Infusions. Button.
Tim Sackton: Oh, wait! That's not the right button. Yeah. Artificers are complicated.
Tim Sackton: Oh, you click on the in click. If you click on the infusion you want, there should be like a create infusion button.
Dylan: hey?
Dylan: Like it. It just puts my A/C up. It's not like a crazy?
Dylan: Oh, no. Item infused, create, infused? No. You emailed it. Yeah. Yeah.
Dylan: There we go.
Dylan: Now, we're looking pretty.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Dylan: yeah.
Tim Sackton: Great.
Tim Sackton:  So in this pre-dawn morning light.
Tim Sackton: What is your
Tim Sackton: next step as everybody is rested and healed and recharged and ready to go?
Dylan: Are you keen for tunnels keen for going into one of the tunnels underneath, or
John L: I like the tunnels going underneath.
Phil Grayson: Yeah.
Phil Grayson: So figuring out where this patrolling Hub goblin is, and avoiding them or taking them out quietly.
Phil Grayson: and then
Phil Grayson: kitchen, or Abby? Or is the other one not the
Dylan: there was like.
Tim Sackton: There were 3 entrances. There's the chapel. So the basic layout of this manner is,
Tim Sackton: you know, it's like it's like, you know. Imagine, like an Italian villa with like wine.
Tim Sackton: You you know the grapevines, you know, rolling across the hills, or something in a big manner house kind of in the center. We're really offset right? And you're you're on the far east side of the ground. So there's like a little complex of buildings. There's a workshop and a barracks, and you know.
Tim Sackton: all, all mostly ruined except for the workshop in barracks, and then, if you go
Tim Sackton: like, maybe half a mile across the fields
Tim Sackton: and through the sort of there's like formal gardens in the back of a house. It's like very fancy, right, but quite rundown. There's the kitchens. The main kitchens of the Manor were in this sort of complex of outbuildings.
Tim Sackton: So there's you can see those those buildings from here right? It's like, you know.
Tim Sackton: half a mile away. It's it's clear. I mean, it's
Tim Sackton: barely visible as just little hump shapes of buildings in the pre-dawn light. But you can see where those are, and then there's the bulk of the manor itself.
Tim Sackton: and then on the other opposite side of the manor from you. So you'd have to circle around the back to the gardens, or something
Tim Sackton: there is, according to Falcen, a ruined chapel, that the goblins have always been
Tim Sackton: nervous to go in, but supposedly has an entrance to the tunnels as well. In addition to the
Tim Sackton: entrance in the kitchens and the entrance in the barracks.
Dylan: Not the barracks, I reckon. Just across that one off. II agree. Maybe the chapel.
Dylan: Why are they scared of it? Though it would be my only
John L: concern. Problems are superstitious. Some kind of stupid people.
Sara (she/her): I mean. I'd be tempted to check out the kitchen
Sara (she/her): kind of go in like in the walled garden area, and maybe there might be some stuff to scrounge in the kitchen that could be useful, too.
John L: That's true.
Phil Grayson: Yup.
Dylan: and to keep note like as the steel defender can take basic commands. So if we needed it to use it as like a quick distraction of like just luring. Maybe this wandering
Dylan: not bu, not bug bare was a hob goblin around like this. Did we can pite stuff if we need to, just something to keep in mind if we need to strategize for
Dylan: hurting some of the goblins away, or like maybe luring them out, or something like that. I don't know what a mechanical dog's box sounds like, but I'm sure it's real sounding enough.
Tim Sackton: I think you can probably decide what your steel defenders bark sounds like when you construct it. It's magical, after all, right, it can sound. However, you want
Dylan: perfect. Yeah, I'm an expert with it sure
Dylan: dog box. Yeah. Okay. So did we wanna go via like.
Dylan: I don't know. Chapel ish
Dylan: chapel. Seems like.
Dylan: are we gonna bump into anything in the chapel. I feel like there's a lit like lower chance. So maybe
Dylan: if that looks safe that could be like the safer route, but otherwise the kitchen stuff might. The kitchen garden might be. That feels closer. I don't know. The kitchen garden sounds like it could
Dylan: be occupied. do we think?
Sara (she/her): Hmm!
Sara (she/her): I guess it also depends if we would go by any of the gates on one of these routes, because I think last time we found out that hop. Goblins don't patrol the grounds, but they'll watch the gates of the compound and then they guard the manner. And so if one of these routes leads us past the gate, then we might want to avoid it.
Tim Sackton: So what you can remember from when you were looking around yesterday in the daylight, and what you can see just looking now is that so? There's a wall that goes all the way around this compound
Tim Sackton: And so, looking looking west from where you are you can see the kitchen gardens.
Tim Sackton: the manor, and then south south of the manor is the gates.
Tim Sackton: and then north of the manor is this formal garden?
Tim Sackton: So it's it's like
Tim Sackton: formal garden
Tim Sackton: manor gates in a row, with the formal garden in the back, the gates in the front, and the kitchen gardens are right next to the
Tim Sackton: manner, so you could circle around behind the formal in the like like the formal garden. It's like a hedge maze right? It's like.
Tim Sackton: you know, there's like a you know.
Tim Sackton: you know, this sort of Italianate, like courtyard with hedgerow, you know, with rows of hedges and a big fountain in the middle.
Tim Sackton: It's it's that sort of thing. It wouldn't be that difficult to
Tim Sackton: sneak through. There's plenty of cover. It would be the easiest route if you wanted to stay stealthy.
Tim Sackton: to go through those formal gardens, and the Ma. And the chapel is on the other side of the manor from where you are.
Sara (she/her): Is anyone tall enough to see over the hedge maze?
Sara (she/her): Or are we gonna have to go through that?
Dylan: I mean, a spell is pretty tall, I would think right.
Phil Grayson: I'm 6. I'm 6 foot plus but I hold up a a little vial with some blue glistening liquid in it, and I shake it. And I say, this can make me fly, though maybe I can map the root a drone style real quick.
Phil Grayson: if it's a real challenge. If we get lost
you.
Tim Sackton: You also do have swords.
Sara (she/her): Admittedly, I'm interested in checking out the plans that they have back there
John L: to curious. See what they've got going on. But let's do that to them.
John L: Gaden's kind of up for whatever
Phil Grayson: let's go.
Dylan: So, as you head out, I assume you're trying to be stealthy, so can everybody give me a stealth check? I'm gonna use for all 20, cause the
Tim Sackton: The envy beyond is weirdly slow.
Dylan: Let me roll.
Phil Grayson: You rolled quite well. 20. Yeah, I might. I might lucky that unless someone else fails miserably, too.
Tim Sackton: we've got 2 very good checks.
John L: I had 7 when got enrolled. Oh, oh, it shows up on. I had 7.
Phil Grayson: Yeah, okay, you're lucky in that. I'll I'll leave my 3. If there's a 7 on the board.
Dylan: So just so reminder about group checks. If the majority of the group, which means 3 out of 4 of you succeed. You all succeed, so you can tolerate one failure, but not 2. I have.
John L: I'm very aware of my ring right now. 8 instead of 3.
Tim Sackton: So you're watching. You're watching for the glow right?
Tim Sackton: so so you you move forward?
Tim Sackton: Not the stealthiest morning trump that's ever been heard.
Tim Sackton: sort of moving across the grounds, heading west.
Tim Sackton: and fortunately it's still fairly dark.
Tim Sackton: and despite the noise you're making.
Tim Sackton: you don't see anybody on patrol. You stay away from the goblins. You know where they are. Roughly, you had sort of north away from the barracks.
Tim Sackton: and you don't see any signs of
Tim Sackton:  I don't have all your passive perceptions memorized. Let me open everybody's character sheets.
Tim Sackton: so we didn't do. Gloria's got a very good passive perception.
Tim Sackton: As you're sort of sneaking, trying to sneak through.  Laura, you do actually see like what looks like a sort of shadow moving
Tim Sackton: faintly through the across the ground. So you're you're walking basically through what are vineyards but incredibly overgrown right? There's like these haven't been tended for hundreds of years. And
Tim Sackton: there's sort of.
Tim Sackton: You can still see the sort of shape of the of the rows, but everything's just weedy. Everything's sort of. So
Tim Sackton: you're you're pretty well covered from sight. But you're making kind of a lot of noise cutting through the
Tim Sackton: the rows when when, Lauria, you're sort of glancing down, each row is past.
Tim Sackton: and you see, just briefly
Tim Sackton: what looks like the head of somebody like shadowy like with a cloak that almost looks like it's made of shadows pop up on the wall way to the south
Tim Sackton: like this, like this, hobgoblin is patrolling the walls and coming from the south around, so not so fairly far away from you at the moment.
Sara (she/her): Okay.
Sara (she/her): okay.
Tim Sackton: in your direction.
Sara (she/her): Okay, so I
Sara (she/her): communicate that to the group, and
Sara (she/her): just so like, should we keep going like, what do? What do we do? Do we do we watch it, do you? Do we keep going?
Sara (she/her): Do we turn back? II don't know. I don't like this
Phil Grayson: coming in our direction if we continue, or coming in our direction, if we don't move so like, if if the grounds are, the the walls are like a big oval right? And you're
Tim Sackton: you're heading west and it's heading east and then north. So it's gonna eventually come up to the foreman. The formal gardens.
Tim Sackton: You might have like 40 min depending on how long it's how quickly it's moving. And it seems to be moving stealthily. Laurie just got up
Tim Sackton: glimpse, as it.
Tim Sackton: you know, sort of scaled up the wall slightly to take a look around. Fortunately your covered enough by the underbrush, and it's you know you're making noise, but you're not visible. He's too far away to hear you.
Tim Sackton: So if you continue on this route, you've got maybe 40 to 60 min to get to cover
Tim Sackton: before.
Tim Sackton: unless you can manage to be quieter before the Hub goblin finds you.
Tim Sackton: If you can be quieter, you'd probably decide, no matter what
Phil Grayson: and how long, until our destination
Tim Sackton: I mean, it depends on how quickly you can.
Tim Sackton: you know, make it through the gardens. It's hard to know there's like head. What you can see from here is sloping down to like just a
Tim Sackton: wall of a hedge.
Phil Grayson: So if we sprint and we screen, we may get there quick enough to
Phil Grayson: oh. how many of it well.
Sara (she/her): can we send the steam pop back in the other direction, or somewhere to make noise in the in the rows.
Dylan: I was kinda thinking, as well, like.
Dylan: yeah. I didn't.
Dylan: Pretty sure I can command it to do stuff. Pretty basically.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I think so. I mean
all.
Tim Sackton: It obeys your commands.
Tim Sackton: It can't. It can't fight without you there to command it, but it can. It can move, and it can dodge, and it can run, and it can
Tim Sackton: like make noise and do basic stuff. But you can't send it off to engage an enemy without you there.
Dylan: Yeah, it has like self preservation. It'll just dodge
Dylan: dodging. Right? Yeah. Okay,
Dylan: yeah. We came for this like to make a little distraction for this creature?
Sara (she/her): Umhm. Yeah.
Dylan: count.
Dylan:  How descriptive does my command have to be like? I guess it will just scop her off pretty quickly if I if I tell it to
Tim Sackton:  I mean, it's intelligence is 4. So you've got to be fairly explicit about what exactly you want it to do, or it'll likely be confused.
Dylan: You can't say go, you know. Go distract the enemy. It'll be sort of like, yeah. But if I say, go.
Dylan: what? What? What side the East side and start
Dylan: bocking
Dylan:  until I don't know for the next
Dylan: 30 min or something, and I guess it
Dylan: does. It. Does it have the conception of time. Oh, yeah, it's I mean, it's a it's a it's a magical construct. It definitely has an internal clock, right? Internal clock in it.
Dylan: But you gotta get instructions like that. Go bark for 30 min and then come, find me, or something like that.
Dylan: Yeah, come, find me at a thematically appropriate time.
Dylan: What do we want to do? Is the East Side we wanting to get the distraction going from to get the
Dylan:  enemy attracted to that spot, or is it like a west side? So I'm just making sure I'm gonna direct it to the right spot. East is like back where you were coming from West is where you're going to.
Dylan: so Eastern don't send it ahead of us and make noise where we're going.
Tim Sackton: Might be an interesting choice.
Dylan: Yeah, I'll do this. I'll do it. I'll tell. I'll tell Keiko the to go the steam puff to go out East for 30 min. Stop barking, and who've been hollering and then come, find me. I maybe I'll give it
Dylan: like a smell. I'll be like, come, find me later in 30 min or so and
Dylan: let it let it go, I guess. Let's see how. See how this works.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: so it heads off as you continue on your path. and a few minutes later you hear
Tim Sackton: barking sound. Begin
Tim Sackton: watching around. I guess I'll say, make a perception check to see if you see anything.
Tim Sackton: all of us, or pick 2 people the role, or one person to roll with advantage. 300, that's a good one.
Dylan: Thanks, sir. Perception. Sorry I rolled before you said, choose people that's fine. You're the most perceptive in the party, anyway. So sorry! Why did you all? I didn't. I didn't have 23.
John L: Oh, okay,
Tim Sackton: So you watch. And you can see this this as you, as you're all sort of moving through the the sort of vineyards, the overgrown vineyards. Towards this
Tim Sackton: edge wall, in front of you everybody can hear the barking, and the barking is certainly making it easier for you to move quietly, because not only is it
Tim Sackton: making a lot of noise, but it's also stirred off the crows. So there's this like big flock of crows that are now flying around
Tim Sackton: calling
Tim Sackton:  and a couple of the you can. You can see now a couple of the goblins like groggily coming out of the barracks like looking around. And there's this shadow, shadowy movement, that sort of is slipping, apparently trying to move quite stealthily in the direction of
Tim Sackton: of the
Tim Sackton: of the noise, but but Laurie has got eyes on it, and it's it's a hobgoblin. It's close enough, you can see, and it's got this sort of cloak of shadows around it that every time it
Tim Sackton: it kind of
Tim Sackton: moves forward it almost blends into the shadows a little bit. and it's creeping along the edge of the wall towards the sound of the barking.
Tim Sackton: clearly not paying attention to anything but the noise, and and wanting to try and ambush this creature that had just appeared screeching
Tim Sackton: in its territory that has been assigned to guard, but not giving much thought to you at the moment. As far as you can tell.
Phil Grayson: II I turn to Dill, and I say. and when the steam pump, when the steam pump comes back.
Phil Grayson: will it just be leading them to us.
Phil Grayson:  we might have a we might want to have some sort of trap lead
Dylan: in approximately 30 min, unless we're out of sight. Well, if the steam pop survives. Yes, because
Dylan: I can make another imitation of what they took from me.
Dylan: so if we are worried, maybe I can spend some. I have to take a long rest to officially make a new one.
Dylan: Yeah, I can make it.
Dylan: I could also, just if it comes back too quickly. I command it to go back
Dylan: and attack the next goal that it comes across. Yeah, we can see that to run back, but not gonna lie, not a hundred percent expecting it to come. No, you can spend a spell slot to revive that.
Tim Sackton: You can spend a first level spell slot to arrive it.
Dylan: Oh, there you go.
Dylan: Yeah. Okay. Well, well, that's a gate we can. We can deal with a bridge we can cost. But I think it is creative solutions we can deal with, but good
Sara (she/her): thinking behind us if we wanna like. if we have the time. And we think that the Pop Goblin is well enough distracted. It'll take me a minute, but we could put a stair behind us and then keep going.
Dylan: Okay. In the meantime, are we heading towards the building as things are being pulled away from it?
Tim Sackton: I think you're heading around the the back of the so like. Here, let me just sort of sketch this out briefly, on roll 20. So everybody can
Tim Sackton: do, I clear these drawings?
Tim Sackton:  so
Tim Sackton: okay, so the basic. very roughly, the basic layout of this thing is
Tim Sackton: like, if the big oval
Tim Sackton: and the barracks and the
Tim Sackton: the workshop are over here. the manor's like here. The chapels like here.
Tim Sackton: The kitchen is there, and there's like this big
Tim Sackton: garden
Tim Sackton: back here.
Tim Sackton: and these are like the vineyards.
Dylan: right?
Tim Sackton: So I think. And this is the this is the gate right? And so these are where the hobgoblins are. Hobgoblin's. Here. Hobgovin is here. kitchen there.
Tim Sackton: So my understanding of the plan is you're trying to sneak sort of through these vineyards here
Dylan: through the garden and come into the chapel sort of around the back. Okay?
Tim Sackton: So we move it.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. And the dog is like is like, right.
Tim Sackton: you know, here, or something like that, right? Right? So like keeping keeping the the ab goblin distracted at almost as far away as possible from the chapel.
Dylan: Cool. So how far have we been able to?
Tim Sackton: So yeah, I mean, you're moving softly, but it's only about. It's like half a mile from the from the vineyards are about half a mile across. So it's not nothing.
Tim Sackton: but it's not gonna take you. It's gonna take you 10 min moving, moving stealthily to to cross something like that. And you've already gotten about a third of the way across. By the time you
Tim Sackton: sent the dog out in it, and the next you know. The next
Tim Sackton: 10 min Ish walking across, passes fairly uneventfully, as you
Tim Sackton: manage to find your way, you know, through and around the brambles, and the sort of overgrown
Tim Sackton: yeah. former agricultural fields. And you can see now this.
Tim Sackton: So this formal garden.
Tim Sackton: there's a there's a tall like overgrown hedge that forms like a solid wall along the the
Tim Sackton: eastern entrance to the garden. I mean, you could walk around it if you want, but it would get you quite close to the Manor if you go to the south.
Tim Sackton: and it that hedge grows all the way up to the wall to the north, so we should probably need to go through an 8 foot tall hedge.
Dylan: Okay. is there an obvious opening as we approach it from the vineyard.
Tim Sackton: not on the Vineyard side.
Dylan: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: I mean, perhaps there was once. But
Tim Sackton: and you could spend some time searching. This has been. This is very overgrown. It's not neat, it's not neatly tended anymore.
Tim Sackton: This has not been.
Tim Sackton: you know, landscaped in many years. So whatever entrances there may once and once have been cut into the hedge.
Tim Sackton: I've been
Tim Sackton: overgrown, but you could certainly spend some time like searching around
John L:  who? We just cut our way through quietly with our swords.
Tim Sackton: You could also do that.
Sara (she/her): Yeah. Anybody has, like herbalism or wood carvers or carpenters, tools, proficiency.
Tim Sackton: anything that would be like harvesting or cutting wood.
so
Dylan: carpenters, tools. I have got that written down. I don't think I have
Dylan: in order to, in order to, in order to have some knowledge of
Tim Sackton: of how to cut through a head without making a ton of noise.
John L: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: you! You don't need the carpenter's tools themselves. I'm just saying you need the proficiency that just some understanding of how to chop wood without being super noisy.
John L: He shows us how to cut through.
Dylan: I will.
Tim Sackton: Oh, I do make mega
Tim Sackton:  I'll say it's dexterity or strength your choice, and then add your I'll use a lucky
Dylan: so that's like, plastic steering 17 right.
Tim Sackton: plus your proficiency as well. So it's 17. Yeah. So so you spend a few minutes kind of showing everybody like you know how to sort of cut the base a little bit so that
Tim Sackton: you can kind of
Tim Sackton: push. Push one of these sort of bits of the so it's a it's it's tightly grown
Tim Sackton: like.
Tim Sackton: I don't know one of those trees that has branches that intertwines within those bushes right? So you can kind of chop through at the bottom, and then just kind of push it a little bit. You you manage to do it quite quietly. It takes you maybe another
John L: 10 min. Yeah.
Dylan: You hear now, suddenly in the distance this loud playing, the sound of a metal sword striking a metal dog.
Tim Sackton:  yikes! The impair takes 10 points of damage. Oh, no, he's not dead.
Dylan: but I don't know.
Tim Sackton: And you the rest of you find yourself in
Tim Sackton: what is what looks like a
Tim Sackton:  It's not exactly a hedge maze. It's just like a hedge corridor, and it's been like fully grown in. It looks like
Tim Sackton: maybe this was once a kind of hedge maze. But now it's
Tim Sackton: so overgrown that the only ways you can clearly go are north or south.
Sara (she/her): Hmm!
Sara (she/her): I think I'm more keen to go south, because
Sara (she/her): it gives us a bit more flexibility with where we're exploring. If we go north and we get pinned again. So, wall, that makes me very nervous.
Phil Grayson: Yeah.
Phil Grayson: just continuing to cut through would be too much time.
Tim Sackton: It's slow cutting. I mean you could. It's definitely slow cutting through.
Tim Sackton: Certainly an option, though.
Phil Grayson: No, the trick to it now. But
Phil Grayson: go south for a bit and see if there are any West corridors, and if not, then start cutting.
Tim Sackton: So you follow this headquarter for a bit? You hear unlike a in the distance, a screech, and then a yelp
Tim Sackton: that sounds like
Tim Sackton: some distance away. It's not gonna be here anytime soon. It's it seems like steam puppets running
Dylan: whether something is chasing it or not.
Tim Sackton:  not yet. Clear.
Phil Grayson: Quick! Change your smell.
Tim Sackton:  you. You go west for a little bit, following the sort of edge of this hedge and
Tim Sackton: come now to
Tim Sackton: a westward turn like a corner, basically at the bottom of the of the garden, and you can see ahead of you.
Tim Sackton: This. This was probably once like a a a wide thoroughfare that's now become overgrown, and you can see there is the remains overgrown and partially obscured, but not completely impossible to see. There is a
Tim Sackton: exit from this garden leading south that a butts up against there's like a hundred feet between it and the back of the manor. This was clearly the like vista that you were supposed to see from the back of the Manor Hall. Is this like entrance to the gardens? And there's also a passage
Tim Sackton: that turns continues going west, or turns north, sort of deeper into the garden.
Sara (she/her): Hmm!
Phil Grayson: Had we decided not to look for the kitchen in the garden, and just go straight to the chapel.
Tim Sackton: The kitchen is this
Tim Sackton: this? This is the formal garden, the kitchen gardens. Different. Garden. Yeah.
Sara (she/her): Yeah. I think that if we keep, I'm I'm very nervous to be out in the open, so I'm I'm kept casting my vote to go still.
John L: So you creep along
Tim Sackton: through down this passageway. You can see that as you creep past the
Tim Sackton: this sort of opening. you can see the sort of lawn overgrown, crumbling lawn that leads to the manner
okay
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: strewn across this lawn are maybe a dozen statues.
Tim Sackton: All have had their heads knocked off.
Tim Sackton: They look like they were once arranged in like a statue garden.
Tim Sackton: but now every single head has been smashed.
Tim Sackton: and as you turn
Tim Sackton: you can see deeper into the garden. This isn't really a maze. This is just like a a hedge border around the garden itself. And so, as you pass the manor to your left is this lawn that leads to the back of the manor. With these statues to your right you can see a fountain.
Tim Sackton: You can see, like a like a.
Tim Sackton: the formal sort of grid pattern of paths, with flowers growing among them, just completely overgrown like weeds and tangled vines, and everything. But you can see a little bit of what used to be
Tim Sackton: this kind of grid design, with paths that led through this big open center space.
Tim Sackton: and in the middle there's a fountain that is still bubbling with water.
Tim Sackton: and there's a woman
Tim Sackton: stone made of stone leaning over the fountain looking at the water. and you can see that there's snakes tangled up around in her hair
Tim Sackton: are the stakes alive, or stones Nope stone. Her hair was made of stone. I mean her hair was made of snakes, she is staring at her reflection in the water
Tim Sackton: and is made of stone.
Phil Grayson: Let's not go near the Medusa.
Tim Sackton: But you continue west.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I think we'd be lining the chapel at this point, and now.
Tim Sackton: you know, based on your sense of time, the
Tim Sackton: steam pop is probably like 3 quarters of the way across the vineyard, with or without something trailing it.
Dylan: As you
Tim Sackton: cut your way out of the hedge maze
Tim Sackton: and find you, and find yourself now emerging. Now you can all hear this you can all hear the sounds of steam pop running
Tim Sackton: and something chasing it.
Dylan: I'm hoping cause steam pops pretty quick
Dylan: like I'm hoping he's he's outrunning is outpacing whatever's behind it.
Dylan: Oh.
you can see the
Tim Sackton: so this chapel
Tim Sackton: is not intact.
Tim Sackton: The walls are ruined and the roof is totally gone, so it's open to the air, with grass growing all over the the
Tim Sackton:  the ground. But the walls are maybe 1520 feet high still, so the interior of the chapel still provides a fair bit of shelter. It's there's a big door, or there was a big door now gone big
Tim Sackton: like oval door that leads in.
Tim Sackton: and it wasn't a huge chapel
Tim Sackton: maybe 40 foot long by 20 feet wide, something like that.
Tim Sackton:  there are
Tim Sackton: about
Tim Sackton: 10 statues in here as well
Tim Sackton: weathered. They don't seem new.
Tim Sackton: The heads have all been smashed.
Sara (she/her): Seems to be a theme really bode well for those of us with heads
Dylan: alright.
Tim Sackton: but otherwise there doesn't at least at first glance there's nothing
Tim Sackton: obvious about this. It's just a sort of grassy, ruined interior of a rectangular chapel
Tim Sackton: dog is still running in your direction.
Dylan: I like this impeding, helpful dog, this potentially dangerous.
Dylan: What's out, vibe of the of this
Dylan: chapel? I guess like
Tim Sackton: there's going in like, yeah, there's actually almost a sense of
Tim Sackton: peace still lingering about.
Tim Sackton: the altar is intact.
Tim Sackton: and there's still a bit of that sort of
Tim Sackton: not exactly like, you know. This is protected by some holy god. No evil can pass here, but
Tim Sackton: there's still something lingering of the sort of original
Dylan: holiness of this place. It feels wholesome
Dylan: in a way that say the garden didn't exactly.
Dylan: Is the rest of the group feeling
John L: okay with the chapel like.
John L: I appreciate the good vibes of it. And I'm also keeping a very close eye on my ring.
Sara (she/her): Okay, so far, nothing on the
Tim Sackton: on the ring. actually, probably when you passed a
Tim Sackton: when you passed along the southern edge of the garden, it would be glowing faintly, indicating that there is some sort of hobgoblin or goblin inside the manor. But this is no surprise to you.
Dylan: Nowhere in the chapel
Dylan: we're looking for a
Dylan: hole. The tunnels probably more of a
Phil Grayson: structured hall. Maybe there's a door and a hole behind it.
Dylan: There we go. That's what we're looking for. So you can look around.
Tim Sackton: yeah, I'm gonna say everybody can make this check as you roll. Tell me what you are particularly looking for, and you can pick perception or investigation or something else. If you can convince me it's relevant.
Dylan: It doesn't matter for me. I think I'm more worried about my steam pub coming back. I probably had my fair share of like back alley poker games that have a like a book you pull or twist, and I'm looking to see if there's a
Phil Grayson: an obvious. This is a tunnel that it needs to have its button pressed or or altered altar mucked with remote.
John L: Okay?
Sara (she/her): Item.
John L: Oh, no. Go ahead. Sorry. I am thinking of my experience as a smuggler, of how to hide in abandoned places, paths, and tunnels
John L: I am. I'm kind of drawing upon that experience. As I look around with my 13 role
Sara (she/her): or I really
Sara (she/her): don't use any prior knowledge with what I'm doing, apparently, and instead, I just.
Sara (she/her): I would have thought that you know, as a traveler and wanderer, that
Sara (she/her): maybe I've seen a lot of churches before. I've been in a lot of different chapels and kind of know layouts and thought about different floor plans. But I think what I'm actually doing based on that role is just stamping on the ground at random, trying to find a trick for
Tim Sackton: okay? So you all spread out and begin to look around.
Tim Sackton: the so they scale you. You know you you spend some time kind of going over the walls, so there's not a lot that the floor tile has largely been removed. So it's mostly
Tim Sackton: it's mostly dirt, or rather grass that's growing  but but you can, but there is still some tile remaining, and and you're sort of looking to see your you know you.
Tim Sackton: You know enough about these kinds of buildings that there would often be, you know, if there was going to be entrance to a tunnel, it might often be through the crypt. or something like like that.
Tim Sackton: And you're looking at the at the
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: the squares that remain, the pieces of the the tile that remain and just kind of following them. And you can, you can actually notice that
Tim Sackton: some of them are just plain tiles, but others seem to be marking like graves. Right? They're the name of a person who's presumably in the crypt, and that seems to be in one particular area.
Tim Sackton: And here there's there's something strange. So you you walk over and you see.
Tim Sackton: Gloria has just sort of sat down and is looking at a pretty patch of flowers that's different than
Tim Sackton: any other
Tim Sackton:  than any other like. There's just a patch of flowers just growing in the ground here.
Tim Sackton: and a scale. You notice that they're they're growing like in a exact square boundary, like the edge of a trapdoor?
Phil Grayson: Do you try stopping there
Sara (she/her): on the flowers? I'm gonna step on the flowers. They're very. You do not notice they're very pretty. No, I didn't step here.
Phil Grayson: and she looks like very like offended that you suggested that I just I noticed you were doing a lot of stopping, and then you stopped. But I think I think you stopped one. Stop too soon, and I'll stop the flowers.
Tim Sackton: It's definitely hollow. There is something under here. Is there like a do we see like a handle? Or you probably have to dig a bit under the dirt.
Tim Sackton: But yes, I mean you. You poke around a bit and there is a
Tim Sackton: a handle. It'll take you sort of 10 min to clear off all the dirt. But there's a trapdoor that's been just overgrown here
Tim Sackton: that leads underground. As they're clearing off the dirt
Tim Sackton: steam pump.
Tim Sackton: You can see that there's like a a slash where it seems to be have been hit by some kind of
Tim Sackton: fiery blast.
Dylan: How long does mending as because I've got that cantrip. It's no time. It's just like, yeah.
Dylan: Did you just want to do a minute meeting? But
Tim Sackton: well, yes, does it take a minute like I'm trying to think like, do we want to do a meeting? It'd be like.
Phil Grayson: and oh, yeah, it is. 1 min it is. We should. Let's hide
Dylan: the tunnel and shut the door. Do I have to be able to see Mage Hand to use it? Or can I go into the tunnel use made to hand, so I cover the dirt up to make it look like it hasn't been disrupted.
Tim Sackton: That's a great question.
Tim Sackton: I think. What does the spell say?
Sara (she/her): Things within a range doesn't say
Sara (she/her): popping all the flowers and upside down. No, as long as you Ca, as long as you cast it before you jump down into the tunnel. Okay, so it's not dispelled. You just couldn't cast it again.
John L: You basically have a minute to rearrange stuff. So I assume we want to hide fast.
Dylan: Okay,
Dylan: steam pump. Oh, God! The door! No, he! He's gotta come down with us feelings.
John L: So we're gonna now bring him down.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, alright. He's coming down. Come on, you dive down.
Tim Sackton: You lift off the trap door like disturbing all the dirt around it, and you can see there's stairs down into the darkness.
Tim Sackton: rush down, fairly convinced that something is I need something that's got some music that's got a bit more tension. Here, hold on. I'm convinced that
Tim Sackton:  that there's you know, something coming.
Tim Sackton: And
John L: John, what is Dowden doing to try to cover your tracks with. He's gonna take them age hand and just try to like second push up to 10 pounds. I'm just taking all the dirt and junk and stones I can, and just covering it up as best as I can to make it look kind of.
John L: I'm gonna say, make a survival check.
John L: Is that like kind of deception.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you spend a while piling up dirt in a big pile on top of the trapdoor, clearing the edge of the trapdoor in plain sight. But of course you can't see this yet. It looks shockingly like an arrow down
Tim Sackton: as you descend into pitch blackness, and I do mending? Well, he's doing the the mage handing. You can do mending while he's doing the mage end.
Dylan: Double check. How much?
Dylan: 2D 6.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, 2D. 6. Yep.
Dylan: pass me, and he's at least down 10 points. Yep.
John L: and I have dark vision. So I have a rough idea of what's
Phil Grayson: I got you? 7? Okay.
Dylan:  So you're looking at what looks like a small
Tim Sackton: family crypt of whoever
Tim Sackton: long ago owned this manor. But again, it doesn't have a
Tim Sackton: it doesn't have a creepy vibe. This has much more of a sort of holy, peaceful vibe.
Tim Sackton: At least for the next few minutes.
Tim Sackton:  There are.
Tim Sackton: you know you you come down these.
Tim Sackton: the trap door, down these stairs into an open room where you can see that there's a like a
John L: like a tomb like one of those like
Tim Sackton: what is the word I'm looking for? Not a sarcophagus like a, you know, medieval European equivalent of a sarcophagus, one of those like
Tim Sackton: things that's a statue of the person that like looks like the knight lying with her
Tim Sackton: arms crossed.  And and then, and this is in the middle of this, of this
Tim Sackton: this sort of circular room that you're in.
Tim Sackton:  I guess the only one who can see anything at the moment is
John L: gout, and is anybody lighting a torch, casting a spell? Oh, is there anything flammable like wood or anything?
Tim Sackton:  so
Tim Sackton: yeah. There we go, tomb after G,
Tim Sackton: that's exactly when I'm when I was talking talking about
Tim Sackton:  the
Tim Sackton: there are. This is like, you know, more. Several 100 years old. There's nothing
Tim Sackton: the wood has turned to dust.
Tim Sackton: It actually is incredibly dusty down here. You don't think there's no
Tim Sackton: footprints. It looks like nobody's been in here in centuries.
Tim Sackton:  There is. There are a whole bunch of like along the walls. There's like busts of people like this is clearly like a crypt where there's, you know, there's
Tim Sackton: skeletons back behind each one of those busts.
Tim Sackton: and there's a small passageway at the far end.
Tim Sackton: That leads into the darkness.
Dylan: Do? Do we all have Doc Vision?
John L: II don't. I think it's just me some.
Phil Grayson: I made goggles of the night overnight, so I have it now, too.
Sara (she/her):  I did have a torch and cinder box in my gear to start with, but I don't know if that's something that I picked up at the
Tim Sackton: yeah. You could have picked that, I mean in the. It was like adventuring packs and things in the in the
Tim Sackton: all. The sort of yeah valuable gear was tumbled in so you could pick up a few. You could have picked up a feature. I just didn't wanna like try to
John L: wreck on that. No, I think we did. I think we were specific, and soon, I imagine, anxious halfling would bring torches to.
Sara (she/her): Yeah. Ironically, the dog can see a dog stands guard watching.
John L: Umhm.
Dylan: Okay, so, and are you gonna light a torch? Yeah. So I'm gonna light a torch. And I am. I am
Sara (she/her): not thrilled with being in a very dark room, and
Sara (she/her): I hold my torch above my head so at like
Dylan: 4 feet off the ground, not really casting a wide neck of light, but it's enough for me to see, like the effigies and the bus and everything.
Sara (she/her): Hey, look back at Steamp and I go. do we? I don't know. Should we block that off, or are we just? Gonna
Sara (she/her): I can't lift any of this stone stuff myself. But like, are we just gonna keep.
Sara (she/her): Do we feel Ok, about this?
Phil Grayson: We want to make more noise. It's kind of like. And maybe what we're walking into is worse than what we're running from.
Sara (she/her): Where's anxiety? Just peace. And she goes. Yep, okay, this isn't my first time in secret tunnels.
John L: Mike. You got. We got to go forward.
Tim Sackton: You begin to
Tim Sackton: creep forward
Tim Sackton: into this this sort of tunnel in the darkness, and this is not a long
I don't know. It ends
Tim Sackton: in a small room that has a
Tim Sackton: so there was once what looked like
Tim Sackton: a wooden table or desk, or something, but has since crumpled. and there's a small altar.
Tim Sackton: and some wooden pee, and some wooden, like a wooden bench, like a place where somebody could sit.
Tim Sackton: And there's
on this
Tim Sackton: small altar there are. There's a large silver plate
Tim Sackton: and 4 silver candlesticks that are tarnished, but still look
Tim Sackton: in pretty good shape.
Tim Sackton: Don Gordon notices that his ring begins to glow.
Tim Sackton:  There is
Tim Sackton: a
Tim Sackton:  and
Tim Sackton: a small holy icon, like a small
Tim Sackton: silver statue of the goddess, the mother that is the god that this chapel is dedicated to.
Tim Sackton: I'm also not. yeah. you know, tarnished and showing its age. but could easily be polished up into something that would be
Tim Sackton:  reasonably valuable.
Tim Sackton: There is also a on one side of this room there is what looks like what was once a small wooden chest
Tim Sackton: that has
Tim Sackton: a fairly large pile of bold
Tim Sackton: tarnish copper coins.
Tim Sackton: a thousand of them or more. You don't really have time to count exactly
Dylan: and then.
Tim Sackton: clearly glinting, mixed up around in the coins. Is
Tim Sackton: a small, a very small little yellow topaz.
Tim Sackton: John, your ring is glowing stronger. Now, guys Gloria, you hear like a banging sound on somebody tapping
Tim Sackton: and the ground above
Dylan: on the
Dylan: on the trapdoor. Yeah.
John L: how sturdy is the tunnel!
Tim Sackton: This is stone
John L: stone. Okay? So I like hypothetically, I couldn't. Eldred blast force it into a collapse
John L: behind us.
Tim Sackton: No, this is a solid, I mean, this is like a
John L: solid stone. Constructions doesn't seem to connect anywhere.
Phil Grayson: I say, what does your mood ring do for you?
John L: In that
John L: it means goblin or hobgoblins are near.
Phil Grayson: We should get going.
John L: We should get going. This I think we should start going. Yes.
John L: quickly, or if this is inevitable, I'd rather fight it now, and it's just one.
John L: Take care of it. Now.
Dylan: do we think it's just one?
John L: We have no indication. We walked up here. There was another one.
John L: and it does. If even if it's 2, it's 2 running down a very tight tunnel
Sara (she/her): if we heard steam pup running and barking and everything.
Sara (she/her): Yeah, you know, like everyone else, probably did, too.
Dylan: What if I can't. So is this so? It's a trapdoor stairs, and then down to like essentially essentially like a stone crypt area. If I cast and I double check, because I made sure I just made sure my spells were prepared for the day.
Dylan: What if I cast grease on the stairs? So when they open stairs, slip
Dylan: the
Dylan: III was like just picking spells. I was like, you know, what will be really funny today if I had prepared grease. And I'm like, Wow! This seems appropriate. Now I don't. I just don't intend on this. I swap alarm out for grease
Phil Grayson: the artificer in my main campaign toward it a pretty big boss battle by just having them continuously slip on grease down a set of stairs. Pretty funny.
Dylan: So if we're willing to just deal with whatever is attacking.
Dylan: We might have a small place. You want me to set a snare at the base of the stairs, so they fall down the stairs. They just get snared right away. I think we should do it. I think we just
John L: what do we want this there to be after the grease. So if it's at the bottom.
John L: yeah, so grease it gets greased up. And then once, yeah, once it rolls out of grease and it gets snared and has to do a saving throw against the snare.
Dylan: We have, like chicken feathers to go on as well
John L: is Flammable.
Sara (she/her): Greece?
John L: Yeah. So I will cast a fireball. If we do this once it's on the grease, I will pass the fireball
Phil Grayson: on like a grease. You've got fireball.
John L: Fire, Bull. Sorry I was head far sorry fire bolt
Phil Grayson: fire Hall is way more exciting, though. Yeah, it would probably wipe us out, too, with.
Tim Sackton: okay, you probably have it most 2 min at this point. Do we fight now, or do we try to keep running
Phil Grayson: bye?
Tim Sackton: Nowhere else to run to?
Phil Grayson: Yeah. Does anybody? Does anybody feel very squishy. I've got an A/C potion.
John L: I'm good. I'm A/C. 18 with my shield out. Now I'm I'm 15.
Phil Grayson: I'm also 15. Okay. I'm 15 without my shield, but I could put my shield up for the fight.
Phil Grayson: I'll I'll throw it up in the air, and you 2 can.
Tim Sackton: You probably don't need any.
John L: So so the plan is grease the stairs. Once he walks into the grease I will catch you grease on fire a snare after the grease, and we just unload, and we're positioned optimally for unloading.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I've cast grease on the stairs. Done. Yeah, I said, Snare at the bottom.
Tim Sackton: Okay, it's Brisa saving throw. It's
Dylan: It's oh.
Dylan: it becomes a difficult terrain. I just say, when grease appears, a creature that enters the area so that takes already savings are all full prone, some DM stuff for going prone on slippery steers.
Tim Sackton: Exactly. Yeah. Okay. So
Tim Sackton: as you all stand watching.
Tim Sackton: waiting, you can hear
Tim Sackton: the the sound of
Tim Sackton: you know, somebody dig clearly like digging out the entire trapdoor and just kind of a investigating. And you hear one of these speaks goblin. Right? Okay, Laura, you you hear? What sounds like this gruff
Tim Sackton: voice shouting
Tim Sackton:  to somebody.
Tim Sackton: Somehow the stupid dog got down in the chapel. I'm gonna go investigate.
John L: then silence for a minute, and then you see the light
Tim Sackton: as the trapdoor lifts.
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: what's your DC,
Dylan: me.
Tim Sackton: yeah. 13.
Tim Sackton: While the 12. So this of goblin.
Tim Sackton: shadowy cloak does seem to be slightly wounded, because
Tim Sackton: took the steel pop took a bite out of his arm,
Tim Sackton: steps down onto the stairs unsuspecting
Tim Sackton: these, you all?
Dylan: let's stroll. Let's roll initiative. Yeah. Feels appropriate.
Dylan: 5 cool.
Tim Sackton:  What did everybody else got?
Sara (she/her): Oh, I'm 20
Phil Grayson: 7 for me.
Tim Sackton: 6, 7. Okay. Well. it rolled really well on its initiative, but really poorly on its debt saving crew. So it steps forward.
Tim Sackton: Ball's prone
Tim Sackton: begins to roll down the stairs
Tim Sackton: and then fall directly into the spare. Which that's does it also get a saving throw on that.
Sara (she/her): Yeah, that's a deck saving throw.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: that one. It succeeds.
Dylan: Damn.
Sara (she/her): We tried. We do
Dylan: was a good plan.
Tim Sackton: Hold on, what does it say?
And
Tim Sackton: okay. So it is now lying prone. So here's the theme slips down the stairs, crash at the bottom.
Tim Sackton: lying prone at the bottom of the stairs.
Tim Sackton: the rope having sprung
Tim Sackton: it managing to. Actually, I'm gonna give a disadvantage on that, because it is falling in. Pro. Oh, okay, wow! That's a full
Sara (she/her): yes. good.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: as it tumbles down the stairs, prone, falling
Tim Sackton: this rope triggers and pulls it up. and there is now it
Tim Sackton: shadowy hobgoblin hanging upside down, restrained
Tim Sackton: in the bottom of this crypt.
Tim Sackton: and it's all you all get. Your turns
Dylan: is is the hob goblin like just thematically like? Is it? Does it have any other extra appearance to it other than a hob goblin, I think earlier. So it had this. Yeah, it looks so it had this. It has this like shadowy cloak around it.
Tim Sackton: It soared. It's has it sword drawn?
Tim Sackton: It's like there's a sort of line of flame running across its sword.
Tim Sackton:  and it's definitely. I mean, this looks like a like it looks like it has some sort of shadow magic, right like there's it's hard to see even when you stare at it directly
Tim Sackton: and in the dark it almost seems to blend in with the flickering light of the of the torch.
Oh.
Tim Sackton: but, Gloria, you're up!
Sara (she/her): Okay, I
Sara (she/her): I can barely reach the stared hobgoblin off the ground. So I just come in with my short swords. And I think I attack. Yeah, I'm I'm just gonna
Sara (she/her): it's a strange, okay?
Sara (she/her): So there's the first short sword
Sara (she/her): 16
Sara (she/her): 16 misses. Yeah, okay, so then I go in with my second short sword.
Sara (she/her): 17 hits. seventeenth. It's okay
Sara (she/her):  7 damage. Would that?
Sara (she/her): Yeah, don't forget your swarm damage, too. And then yes, my fluttering birds are also going to cause
Sara (she/her): one damage.
Sara (she/her): They're just getting worse.
Tim Sackton:  I forget who ruled the 7 who ruled the 6.
John L: I think you're next.
Tim Sackton: They're they're hanging from the ceiling and restrained. They're restrained, hanging 3 feet above the ground from the ceiling. They do get a chance to escape at the end of their turn.
Phil Grayson: Okay, I will. I'll run up. You said we get advantage right?
Phil Grayson: I'll run up with. I'll pull both of the daggers out from the cogroom, and I will try to
Phil Grayson: slash and slash.
Phil Grayson: Okay, that is
Phil Grayson: just gonna click it twice, I think. Yep.
Phil Grayson: first one will work.
Phil Grayson: Nope, you know those and
Phil Grayson: if you hold on shift when you roll, it should roll, for with advantage for you.
Phil Grayson:  alright, I think I got one hit. Yeah, the 22 hits, and then this won't have the plus 2 on it. So just take 2 out of it.
Phil Grayson:  let's damage up.
Phil Grayson: So just 3
Phil Grayson: bummer. I disengage, or I'll I'll back away, and if they hit me they
John L: he's gonna take a wild swing at you with disadvantage because he's restrained.
Tim Sackton: That is 13. I think that misses right
Tim Sackton: well, that brings us to Gaudin.
John L: Is he covered in Greece from falling down?
John L: No, he just slipped, and now he's wrapped up and snare and because Elder twice is force. What do you get slammed into the stairs and get extra damage, and it's a force spill like he's a pendulum swinging.
Tim Sackton:  see what you roll.
John L: Okay? So what's advantage. So
Tim Sackton: 18 hits. But that's not quite good enough to get him swinging
Tim Sackton: oof a lot of damage.
Tim Sackton: Your force! Actually that that's I'll say part of that damage is him cracking his head against the stairs as you push him backwards.
Tim Sackton: Rack he looks badly wounded at this point.
Tim Sackton:  Dylan, you're up
Dylan: alrighty. It's a
Dylan: ripping tear, would be white commands to the that's my bonus action to make the command, and it will act after my turn on my turn.
Dylan: It's just to go off an attack. I have a plus 6. I'm just gonna roll in 20 here.
Tim Sackton: I'll mess with that one, since it was advantage, though, because he was restrained, too.
Dylan: Where else you mess can't seem to get through without cutting the snare, so I think I'm probably just too hesitant to do anything.
Dylan: so that would be my action and my bonus action. So I guess steam pop. I don't know if it could probably
Dylan: jump up enough to tug on it.
Dylan: So I'm just going to another tab to double check the tech.
Tim Sackton: I think it should be just your spell attack plus 5.
Dylan: Oh, it's just my spell attacks. I think it's just plus 5. Yeah, you correct. And I imagine he also gets advantages twice.
Dylan: Oh, go okay, steam pop game. Pop is eager for revenge
Sara (she/her): is hungry. So I guess it's
Dylan: 2D 8 plus
Tim Sackton: 2D. 8 plus 3. It should be, or plus 2 da plus 2.
Dylan: Yeah, I'm sorry. I'm just tabs all around. Yes, I'll just go one and 2. So tin damage that is enough. Steam stop and just grabs this hobgo by the neck and
Tim Sackton: tosses them to the ground by the burning torch.
John L: and stands triumphantly over time
Dylan: and steam, pop! Leak oil
Dylan: to him through some. Sure.
John L: Kelly. I'm curious about this cloak.
Sara (she/her): So let's quickly, like go through the corpse for for, I say, who was he talking to someone up there? That was my question.
Dylan: I wanna tentatively. not quickly, on the greasy steps. Just kind of poke my head up out of the little
Dylan: and one
Tim Sackton: make a
Tim Sackton: make a perception check.
Dylan: That's 90
Tim Sackton: you like squint through the little crack and you can see that  Well, actually, you don't see anything because you're inside the chapel, but you can hear
Tim Sackton: what sounds like another hob goblin pacing around
Tim Sackton: outside like the the tramp of steel boots like another, but only one.
Tim Sackton: The world well enough to be able to distinguish that. That seems to be kind of just pacing around, watching outside the doorway to the chapel.
Phil Grayson: Could you send that down here, too.
John L: Could you just send the dog out running
Dylan: like we can't I? Absolutely. He's hungry, cause they're only down there for the dog.
Dylan: and then that way they wouldn't know it's us. But
Dylan: is there another exit to the
Dylan: chapel like? There's the entrance of this current, this new hob goblin is currently like shodding.
Tim Sackton: I mean, the the walls are only 15 feet high, and there's no roof. There's not another doorway, but
Tim Sackton: to the extent to which you could climb 15 foot wall, you could wanted them to sort of like exit and run and bark in another direction. So then, like I mean, there's also windows that once had windows, but now is nothing. With a reasonably decent decent athletics check. He could jump through a window.
John L: What was John, John, what you were saying. We just send the dog out running, just sprinting out and go after the dog.
John L: What do you really think, guys.
Phil Grayson: where we get 2 cloaks of
John L: of whatever we just clear out the body and try it again. Yeah, exactly. Yeah.
Sara (she/her): Does anyone get at impersonations? I could speak, Goblin. and tell him to come down.
Dylan: Oh, I don't help so I'm a lady now. It's crazy, though.
John L: There is a tunnel in the chapel
Sara (she/her): right? I mean, we were told Baby
Tim Sackton: Goblin of questionable. Yeah.
John L: So I'm thinking, do we need to look for another tunnel in the surface of the chapel like we just saw the easy one. There's an another one at the real one. That's the secret one we just found. I guess, either way we have to figure out what this other problem.
John L: I say, we cut down the corpse and then call the other dragon, the other one in
Sara (she/her): still there.
Sara (she/her): I can resell.
John L: Okay.
Phil Grayson: I can use my crossbow instead of shitty daggers this time.
Dylan: Yeah, we and we can get steam pup to bark a few times and yeah, make it seem more urgent that help is needed or something.
Dylan: So did we wanna so Buff? So we would we do that. And then we're gonna have a second investigate in the scripts plus, we've killed 2 of the 3 hob bottles.
John L: So this is helps us and are basically systematically killing everybody by accident because their plans fail.
John L: Yeah, it does every time. So far we we can probably make a road through the highway at this point. Yeah. So I say, let's What's cut down? Why do you think there's only 3 hobbies our characters think that?
Dylan: So so the dog's gonna bark. So so so we're cutting down the current dude. I guess we're having a very quick like
Dylan: feel over for anything fun to use. And then
Dylan: not what was serious characters.
Sara (she/her): Lauria. Laura. Yeah, it was. Gonna give a little like.
Dylan: Oh, I am in so much trouble. Please come, help me. Oh.
Dylan: do you want me to do another snare before we do this again, or yes, yes, so pretty much reset.
Dylan: But if there's anything super fun on the Hub Goblin after a quick, pat down like II get the impression sword in the cloak we're like, probably quickly, like yoked off by some eager adventures.
Tim Sackton: the so the fought the sword. The fire that was on the sword seems to have gone out.
Tim Sackton: This was something about the hobgoblin, not the sword, and it's just a perfectly serviceable long sword at this point.
Dylan: Okay.
Tim Sackton:  the
Tim Sackton: the cloak.
Tim Sackton:  so
Tim Sackton: it's not really as you get, and you investigate the body. It's not really a so a cloak that you could touch. It's almost as if there's shadows, extra shadows that
Tim Sackton: cling to this hobgoblin.
Tim Sackton:  It's it's like something about them brings darkness to just
Tim Sackton: thing around them. But
Tim Sackton: you do find
Tim Sackton:  14 silver pieces and one gold piece in a pouch.
Tim Sackton:  and he is wearing a
Tim Sackton:  like a a
Tim Sackton: copper jewel like a copper ring that
Tim Sackton: could be worse.
Tim Sackton: 2 or 3 gold if anybody wants to loot it.
Dylan: What what a quick I kind of check, since I'm proficient. Give any insight to what the clock I don't want to know. Like name of the cloak, like just a quick, oh, this is good for stealth, or this is good for whatever. Yes.
Tim Sackton: Give an arkana check definitely.
Dylan: What's your total with 14.
Tim Sackton: Okay, yeah. I mean. So.
Tim Sackton: youth
Tim Sackton:  you've actually like heard
Tim Sackton: or read like rumors about about this, and it's not
Tim Sackton: So there are hog goblins called smoke binders that perform rituals to bind shadows to them. and are able to
Tim Sackton: some briefly transform into shadows and move quickly.
Tim Sackton: and they are often used as scouts by hobgoblin armies.
Tim Sackton: It's not like an item, it's more like, it's not like an item. Yeah, it's like a ritual that this guy did.
Dylan: Okay, no, that's that just helps out understanding all
Dylan: this
Dylan: thing. So okay, was there anything else we were doing? Prep. Wise? We got the grease.
Dylan: Laura is yours last for 10 min. Is that right?
Dylan: Yeah. So I think we're we're not. We're not like casually. We kind of like, tap it down quickly, shuffle off to one side
Dylan: would probably diminish the torch, because we don't want layer to be like
John L: we don't want to be seen super quickly, I guess, would be our.
Dylan: But then the door would open up as my guess. It's dim light as long as the door is open. Yeah.
Dylan: so. And then, if the sneers good, I think we've got like a couple of minutes. Still, where this last one in sort of
Dylan: specific times, I want 30 s. Okay, with the trap reset. Yeah.
Dylan: How's he yelling.
Tim Sackton: Make a what? Yeah. What are you yelling?
John L: Go ahead and make a deception check while you're at it? Oh, wait! Wait! Wait! Can I make a dis like we assume hobbies can speak common right
John L: just to like function.
Sara (she/her): sure, but they probably wouldn't be. But I could be like alive saying, Oh, no, please, I'll give you all my treasure if you let me go
John L: and wore the other hobgoblin down there. I'll be like it's just you right.
John L: If if I just give all this money to you, you'll you'll let me go.
John L: I have a high reception.
Tim Sackton: Sure you could try that.
Sara (she/her): You also saved me from yelling and goblins. So thank you.
John L: Do you want some dog barking like, is this?
John L: Well, if they don't come down, then we'll have to try something else.
Dylan: That's okay
Dylan: doesn't matter.
Tim Sackton: and you hear the the rushing
Tim Sackton: sound of still footsteps. but but running across the brand and the
Tim Sackton:  the the funding
Tim Sackton: as the trap door opens up and light shines down.
Tim Sackton: and you're like, you know, crouch there yelling
Tim Sackton: as the hob goblin. This is a different looking one not shadowy at all.
Tim Sackton: He's got a short sword and a crossbow he's wearing studded leather
Tim Sackton:  and he takes one step onto the top of the
Tim Sackton: top of the
Tim Sackton: and what is that? That's a well on his decks.
Dylan: slip, slip free, fall round 2, working amazingly. Well. The best plan did group has ever laid out, and it has gone, taking 6 points of damage from the fall down the stairs
John L: in the snare
Sara (she/her): into there with disadvantage.
Tim Sackton: That's a 7.
Dylan: Oh.
Tim Sackton: yanked off above his head.
Sara (she/her): I don't think we need to roll, I mean, let's see if he survives. But you all get your turns.
Tim Sackton: He is restrained as he's flinging wildly. He's going to attempt to
Tim Sackton:  take a pot chop
Tim Sackton: at
Tim Sackton: garden with his crossbow with disadvantage.
John L: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: 18 and 17. So that's gonna add. yeah, So you do take
Dylan: 8 points of piercing damage and you are set on fire.
Tim Sackton: You can use an action to put yourself out.
Tim Sackton: If you don't put yourself out.  you're gonna take some fire damage at the end of your turn.
John L:  But you can all go in any order.
John L: Let me think you guys go first. I will wait to mine at the end. See if it's the killing blow or if I we need to.
Sara (she/her): Are we rolling with advantage?
Tim Sackton: Yep. Also restrained.
Sara (she/her): I got it at 20 on the second rule.
Tim Sackton: Okay, there should be a way to do the damage off of this hit. Right, is there not? I think it automatically rolls.
Tim Sackton: If you roll your damage, it'll automatically double it on on. See?
Sara (she/her): You can also. Yeah, that's great.
Sara (she/her): Okay, he's nearly dead.
Sara (she/her): Alright Lori is. Gonna go in with one of the short swords.
Tim Sackton: Okay. that
Sara (she/her): yeah. Hey?  Oh, that's only
Sara (she/her): oh, 5,
Dylan: I'm saying.
Sara (she/her): But 2, 2 attacks, though. Yeah, yeah. You get your second attack. 17
Sara (she/her): so, and then
John L: pat myself out on fire. I help
Sara (she/her): 2 out of 3.
John L: According to us, I don't know why I thought there was 3, but I guess I'm convinced everybody, with all my charisma that there's only 5.
Sara (she/her): Why would you lead us astray?
Tim Sackton: So fantastic quiet now, or you don't hear any sounds of
Tim Sackton: anybody else above you, and this is my ring glowing or not. Your ring is not glowing
Tim Sackton: about 200 feet from the Manor here, 300 feet from the Manor.
Phil Grayson: I'll start looking for flowers or any other kind of indication. If there is a trapstorm.
John L: let's do, let's knock out first. Let's check the anything of note and check. The
Tim Sackton: corps has
Tim Sackton: 8 silver pieces and his crossbow and a bunch of crossbow bolts.
Tim Sackton: and it looks like
Tim Sackton: a vial of like.
Tim Sackton: I guess. A scales and alchemists you'd recognize. This is alchemists. Fire
John L: nice!
Dylan: It's a fun one.
Sara (she/her):  Can I use Maychan to do what Gaden had done before to like close the trapdoor and like, put dirt back over it again.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Before doing that, did we just want to have a quick look down here to see if it's useful. Otherwise we might be having to go back up
Dylan: to search around the main.
John L: I think again. Or is it just our halfling? Being a little anxious.
Dylan: I don't know. I'm just making this suggestion. I'm not gonna like, force her. I'm like, hey did
Dylan: because I want to. You know, I'm thinking, this place is like a bookcase, you know, where, like one thing I can pull.
Dylan: and then, like secret passageway, opens up. That's why thought right now about this space
John L: very thorough vision.
John L: Okay, do it the same as above. Go ahead, everybody. Give me a perception or investigation, or some other skill. If you could convince me.
Tim Sackton: and then tell me what you're what you're looking for in the crypt.
Sara (she/her): I got a 22.
Dylan: That's good.
Phil Grayson: Anyone
Dylan: at 25. Yup.
Sara (she/her): So let's start with Lauria. What are you? Specifically? Lauria's really interested in the the effigy and the bus, and all of the like. The people that are in here, and so
Sara (she/her): I kind of. I envision her going around trying to like push the top off of the coffin effigy, too, and then, like. I don't know. Kind of puttering around and like looking for things on the bus.
Sara (she/her): Okay? Or one of those. If I can't do both.
Tim Sackton: you can do both. How about Dylan?
Dylan: Yeah. Cause it was this big central piece, right? Like, yeah, it was sort of a central piece surrounded by stuff around. I guess if
Dylan: Gloria was going for the central piece, and looking at that, I would
Dylan: be going around the edges and sort of investigating
Dylan: everything like that looked ornamental, I guess in a bit more detail. Just
Dylan: if this
Sara (she/her): button or a lever, or just pulling books.
Dylan: if there's you, you're you're like a fun book case. That open slide. I'm looking at. Pull a pull, a hand on a skeleton.
Tim Sackton: got it? How about a scale and got it?
Phil Grayson: Sounds like they've got it covered so I would just be digging through 1,000 copper to see if any of them were rare
Phil Grayson: coppers. Been down here for a few 100 years. There may be some like double strikes or other I would have like. I would have like my mage hand would have grabbed that toepaz.
John L: So I just kind of look around more for myself. Interest, and seems like everybody else, is pretty
John L: much more astute out looking for things right now.
Tim Sackton: Okay. so as you all. Begin your search.
Tim Sackton: Laura, you you notice a couple of things. One is. There's one name that keeps getting repeated. Per Doley.
Tim Sackton: Seems like this is the this is the family villa of the her dole family.
Tim Sackton:  And as you, as you begin to kind of
Tim Sackton: poke through these
Tim Sackton: bye
Tim Sackton: the crept, the crept around the effigy. Nothing
Tim Sackton: moves, but you do see sort of almost behind the staircase.
Tim Sackton: There's like a little niche that isn't
Tim Sackton: that has a
Tim Sackton: it has, like a
Tim Sackton: almost like a little sliding, sliding door that you can kind of push
Tim Sackton: and nestled in there. You see a scroll
Tim Sackton: and a potion.
Sara (she/her): Okay, I bring those back out to the group and say,
Sara (she/her): actually, can I do a check to see if I know what they are? Or do I just immediately hand them over to the
Tim Sackton: this this scroll you recognize. This is the scroll of cure wounds. It's a spell that's on your spell list, so you can identify it immediately.
Tim Sackton: the potion you don't. You don't recognize immediately, but you could hand it off to
Tim Sackton: a scale. Who's an alchemist and would presumably know what it is.
Phil Grayson: Okay? So I,
Sara (she/her): okay, yeah, I pocket this role. I'm gonna go over to Aceki and say, Do you wanna
Sara (she/her): maybe. Do you want to? Do you have any cool copper? So back here? Yeah, this one's 200 years old and actually quite shiny. Given its age
Sara (she/her): the potion.
Tim Sackton: The potion is a potion of watchful rest. It lets you
Tim Sackton: have the stay up all night and get the benefits of a long rest.
Sara (she/her): So basically, you can
Tim Sackton: like. stay guard all night or you can you? You can't
Tim Sackton: like you can't fight or anything, but it lets you get the benefits of a long rest
Phil Grayson: without sleeping Dnd monster energy
John L: on that notice. Anybody have a heel for me. I kind of
John L: took a third of my health from that
Sara (she/her): crossbow.
Dylan: I mean. I can. I know I have cure words prepared. I'm happy to as well. I have a scroll
Dylan: we could skip, keep the scroll for like. non, like.
Dylan: yeah, when the spell slots are burnt.
Phil Grayson: Yeah, okay.
Phil Grayson: I'll I'll test care.
Tim Sackton: Oh, bigger. So so while you're doing that, Dylan.
Tim Sackton: you've been poking around just like looking for little levers, anything to pull
Tim Sackton:  tweaking all the sort of decorative elements.
Tim Sackton: And so, as you sort of move your way around the main crypt room, and there's nothing
Tim Sackton: you sort of move your way back into this sort of secondary room, where there was the altar and the
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: silver plate, and the icon of the mother, and the
Tim Sackton: candlesticks, and the pile of coins and the towpaths.
Tim Sackton: and there's, you know, there's a couple of torch brackets like mounted in the wall that.
Tim Sackton: you know struck you as completely normal. But one of them just like grab it, and it's loose. And you.
Tim Sackton: poet. and there's a sliding sound as a door opens up in the back of this room. leading into a dark tunnel.
Dylan: I found it.
Phil Grayson: Somebody made hand that dirt. Let's get out of here.
Sara (she/her): Alright, I can. I can make hand the dirt if since I'm by the stairs, anyway.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, the the birds are way better at this than cause. Your main is basically your like swarm flying around doing things right? So
Tim Sackton: so this, like flock of birds flies up, and they're just like. you know, moving around, spreading the dirt around, pulling over some seed.
Tim Sackton: By the end. It looks of them of the minute with this whole swarm, you know it looks
Tim Sackton: well. You can't see what it looks like, cause you're underneath. But you're like intuitive sense is obviously it must look like, you know, just ground that some chickens pecked on for a while, or something, you know, totally naturally disturbed ground
Sara (she/her): amazing.
Tim Sackton: And you head down the dark tunnel
Tim Sackton: pitch black tunnel now, with the
Tim Sackton: trap door close. Absolutely no light in here at all.
John L: How long does the torch last? Can we just assume they'll last long enough.
Sara (she/her): Well, we we before the last battle. But could I extinguish your torch before the last one?
Tim Sackton: Awesome, John? Did you see my message?
John L: Oh.
John L:  I need a a moment.
Dylan: and that's so. I walk back past where everybody's at back to the corner.
Tim Sackton:  I mean, you presumably have a few more torches.
John L: Okay, so like, that's fine.
John L: because we could make some more from breaking up wood and using the cloth from the the corpses if we need to. Yes, you could easily make a few more torches with the.
Tim Sackton: with the like wooden bench that was in the
Tim Sackton: in this in the room with the secret door.
Sara (she/her): I'm happy to light another torch.
Sara (she/her): though, if someone else wants to carry it, because it'll cast better light. I'm fine with that, too.
Tim Sackton: So you begin to walk flickering torchlight, a few of you with dark vision.
Tim Sackton:  it's
Tim Sackton: this passageway is extremely dusty.
Tim Sackton: and is
Tim Sackton: like made of the same stone as the crept. This is a well-constructed
passage. This is not a
Tim Sackton: hastily dog goblin tunnel.
Tim Sackton: and you follow it, and it seems to be running almost due east, directly towards the Manor.
Tim Sackton: You go maybe a hundred feet.
Tim Sackton: maybe 200 feet.
Tim Sackton: 250 feet.
Tim Sackton: John, you got, and notices that your ring begins to glow.
John L: I think we're probably under the manner. or there's something in the tunnel waiting for us
Tim Sackton: 300 feet.
Tim Sackton: and it stops.
Tim Sackton: Blank wall.
Dylan: No, so no stairs up. Sorry.
Tim Sackton: No stairs up
Tim Sackton: ceiling is maybe 10 feet high.
Dylan: made off.
Tim Sackton: also made of stone, although
Tim Sackton: there is now you can see like what looks like a faint
Tim Sackton:  crack of light coming in from above, almost like there's a trapdoor 10 feet above you.
Dylan: 10 feet, though, is pretty pretty high up.
Dylan: especially with a letter, but I imagine if there was a letter here as
Dylan: rotted away by now. Time.
John L: I like half mage hand and like push gently like, is there any give? Is there any like ashes? Agitation of that area? It's
Tim Sackton: this is a solid stone. How much Maychank can lift? 5 pounds, I think.
John L: 10, I think. Let me double check. Yeah, no more than 10, I think. Yeah. 10. Okay, I mean, the mage hand is not quite strong enough to lift this. We do double, major, but it
John L: we both send our mage hands up there at the same time for 20 pounds of of force.
John L:  I don't really want to do that like, but like, that's an option. If we we're not worried of something being right there.
Dylan: See if it's gonna be yeah, more easy as.
Tim Sackton: But it does have. I mean, it doesn't feel like there's there's not like a heavy.
Tim Sackton: you know. There's not. It's not like locked from the top, or there's something heavy on. It's just it's just too heavy to lift up from just your main handle on
John L: so we can do that, and then I can teleport up there and then see if there's any a ladder, a rope I can pull down. or if we have a rope with us, I can hide the rope and then drop it down.
Sara (she/her): I do have a rope with me.
Phil Grayson: I'll tell you why.
Phil Grayson: Your your ring is glowing right?
John L: Yes, but the rings 120 feet so like
Dylan: it doesn't mean it's right by us, but it could be yeah.
Tim Sackton: So you both made chance push on it
John L: that we want to do birds up.
John L: guys. It seems like we have to go up. So
Sara (she/her): yeah, I think I think we should try to push on the door. And then, if that doesn't work, Lori is still trying to get over the fact that you can like teleport so I could also I'd use up both my slots, but I could make myself invisible. So if there is something up there, it's
John L: it's just a doorbeam open.
Dylan: If I'm gonna hold my dog, and if something aggressive is up there that we see, I'm gonna throw it.
Dylan: But unless I'm only if we see like an obvious, like goblin looking down, I assumed your dog was like bull mastiff size. Is it like a Chihuahua
Dylan: it's like a husky, but not like a full grown husk. I don't know.
Tim Sackton: Maybe it can jump.
Dylan: I do. I also just love the idea of just rolling.
Tim Sackton: you know you're, you know, between 5 and 6 feet tall, so it only has to jump 4 feet.
Dylan: True, it does have a pretty good
Dylan: to athletics and a straight score of 14.
Dylan: When you make a high jump you could jump
Dylan: 3 plus your modifier so it can jump 5 feet in the air. Yeah, okay, so it can launch itself off your shoulders and jump. Yeah, okay.
John L: so so if you have, fly, how many like.
John L: Are your slots better used? I don't have any offensive spell slots. All of mine are things like this. So if you want to save your spell slots, for we have to.
Phil Grayson: I have a fly potion that
Phil Grayson: I don't know if they disappear.
Tim Sackton: First of all, are you opening up the yeah, once you drink the potion it's gone, but you can keep the mother.
Tim Sackton: I think they, when you make
Tim Sackton: they last till the next the end of your next line until the next long rest. Okay, you can't stockpile them.
John L: Oh, if it's long rest, I might restore it short rest. We're trying to save our stuff.
Phil Grayson: Great. Yeah.
John L: So I can go, and I'll be invisible as well. I'll just
John L: fly up there, see what's up there
John L: and then? Communicate accordingly. If there's any urgency.
Phil Grayson: I'm up here by myself.
John L: You you push open the
Tim Sackton: the trap door with 2 mage hands working together, and you can see
Tim Sackton: a dimly lit room above you.
Tim Sackton: and doesn't seem to be anybody moving
Tim Sackton: or anything moving in it. But of course, looking from down below, you can't see much.
Sara (she/her): and we can't hear anybody talking or anything.
Tim Sackton:  You hear fate? Distant murmurs in Goblin, too too far away to hear
Tim Sackton: clearly anything that we're saying.
John L: Oh. do you think II don't think I need to be invisible? I wanna use to. So I will misty step up there. Okay, so I focus. I see a bit of clear space. I can land on
John L: and cast, and just do that.
John L: Okay.
Tim Sackton: so you appear and  what looks like
Tim Sackton: a. let's see, this is about it.
Tim Sackton: 10 foot by 15 foot room.
Tim Sackton: There is no doors. there's only a few small windows. and it seems to be.
Tim Sackton:  How would I describe this? It's like the the remains of of a private archive or a private library. There's bookshelves on one wall.
Tim Sackton:  There's a small desk. There's piles of papers, many of the papers has decayed, but this room seems like there's not been touched in
Tim Sackton: 100 years or more. It looks.
Tim Sackton: It's, you know. There's a an inch of dust on every surface. There's no footprints anywhere in the dust. Nothing's been swept, nothing's been walked through.
Tim Sackton: You've just got this row of 3 bookcases
Tim Sackton: on one wall. You've got a desk
Tim Sackton: and a pile, you know. Piles of papers around the desk.
Tim Sackton: quill and ink long since dried.
Tim Sackton:  There's a painting on the opposite wall
Tim Sackton: of this
Tim Sackton: extremely well dressed, somewhat large man with a small goatee. That sort of goes up like this.
Tim Sackton: I'm wearing a like red silk
Tim Sackton: shirt with a sort of jonky like,
Tim Sackton: you know, like, imagine like a Medici or somebody like that
Tim Sackton: kind of, you know, Renaissance Italy like fancy garb.
John L:  So I communicate. Looks like it's clear. Let's be quiet. Can you send me up the rope?
Sara (she/her):  I I'll pass it to somebody else to throw, because I don't think I could. Probably. Okay, I'll send my swarm up with the rope.
John L: so I take through anything that kind of like tied to something? Or do I need to like hold it up like.
Tim Sackton: yeah, no. You can find someone leg of the desk for sure, right solid would like oak desk. This is a this is
John L: so. I tie it up and throw the rope back down to let everybody else up.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: so you're in this 10 foot by 15 foot.
Tim Sackton: all 4 of you and the dog and the steamp crowded in. It's
Tim Sackton: it's a bit tight for all of you in here.
Dylan: We close the
Dylan: door. Make have a bit more floor room.
Sara (she/her):  Can we tell which direction this MoD, like the very muffled speaking is coming from.
Tim Sackton: So it sounds like it's coming from
Tim Sackton: the wall the other side of
Tim Sackton: the wall with the 3 bookcases.
John L: If I get closer to that area, does my ring get brighter like I can mark a polo? It? No, it's just on off. Got it?
Tim Sackton: And it's it doesn't sound like it's in the immediate next room. It sounds like it's
Tim Sackton: in that direction, but maybe not super close
Sara (she/her): and sorry. Did you say there's an obvious exit from this room as well. Nope, there are no obvious exits from there's there's one window.
Tim Sackton: there's 3 bookshelves. There's an ancient oak desk with sheaves of papers, some of which have yellowed and cracked with age. There's several pots of ink, all dried and completely useless.
Tim Sackton: There's a pile of quills.
Tim Sackton: There's the painting.
Tim Sackton: and that's about. It
Phil Grayson: was at 1 point a rug on the floor, but it seems to have turned to dust. Do we get a sense of like what
Phil Grayson: what sort of employment this family might have been from the things we've seen so far like, is there
Phil Grayson: an indication that any of these books might be magical, and it would be worth 10 min to detect magic. Or do I just assume that they're like
Phil Grayson: merchant prints type thing.
Tim Sackton: If anybody's proficient in history, you can make a history check.
Phil Grayson:  not
Tim Sackton: II think
Tim Sackton: you know, from the grounds, at least like clearly this. This villa was capable of producing a decent amount of wine, and you'd heard
Tim Sackton: from the goblins that there was a wine cellar somewhere.
Tim Sackton:  You could certainly spend some time rooting through the papers. You'd likely learn
Tim Sackton: more in a few minutes. I mean, you might learn something in a few minutes, just flipping through the papers on the desk.
Tim Sackton: There are a decent number of books that are intact that haven't rotted away.
Tim Sackton: but a decent number of them are also like yellowed and cracked and
Sara (she/her): sorry. Go ahead.
John L: First and foremost, can we do a round of investigation checks to kind of get away with the land of possible
John L: abuses out of here
Phil Grayson: feel like it's got to be one of these bookcases.
John L: if that's where the noises are coming from. That was my thought as well.
Sara (she/her): I think Gloria's more interested in the desk. If you have, the bookcase is covered.
John L: Okay? So I'll I'll look at the bookcases.
Tim Sackton: Okay, anybody who's searching specifically for
John L: poking around the bookcases. Give me an investigation check for that. So I just rolled a 17 on mine.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Phil Grayson: better than me.
Sara (she/her): And Lauria is looking through the desk.
Tim Sackton: That can be. That can be perception.
Tim Sackton: Dylan is distracted by the
Tim Sackton: keeping the steam pup quiet.
Dylan: Yeah, greasing him up oil.
Tim Sackton: I got like I feel like I got an oil can or something.  So.
Tim Sackton: Lauria.
Tim Sackton: as you've you've flipped through this flip through the
Tim Sackton: papers on this desk. You can see like a lot of them, just kind of crack when you touch them. but you're pretty careful, and and you can sort of spend a while flipping through and looking at them. This is
Tim Sackton: a lot of this. It seems to be the records of
Tim Sackton: app wine sales
Tim Sackton: But it it seems like as you're flipping through. It's like it's almost like there's
Tim Sackton: 2 sets of numbers that don't line up
Tim Sackton: right like there's some notes that are written, and they'll record the amount owed. Then there's another
Tim Sackton: stat to the same person that says something different, right like there's some
Tim Sackton: like a public set of books and a private set of books that don't line up completely. So it seems like maybe these were
Tim Sackton: winemakers, but also perhaps not, though cleanest
Sara (she/her): merchant prince, the most honest merchant prince family in the world.
Tim Sackton: And they seem to have been, you know, traded in other  you know, occasional
Tim Sackton: bits of things like they would fund
Tim Sackton:  you know, merchant ships that would sail like far across the sea to bring back exotic goods from distant lands. And this was all like 200 years ago. This is not recent. Yeah, but there's no indication of anything that would suggest that they dealt heavily in magic.
Tim Sackton: or were wizards or anything like that? No, no particular sign of of and
Tim Sackton: of anything magical here.
Tim Sackton: Cowden, and a scale, as you begin sort of poking around
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: bookcases like feeling for
Tim Sackton: anything that seems like it might move or be a lever, or be some kind of mechanism that might open a secret door
Tim Sackton: sort of working together. You're checking each other's work.  First book shelf is like filled with just
Tim Sackton: long line of length of
Tim Sackton:  you know it. It seems it seems like just
Tim Sackton: years of accounts, right? Like books of logs, of accounts, logs of wine production. All of these things looks like it would be terribly tedious to read, and nothing, no indication whatsoever on the
Tim Sackton: left hand bookcase of any kind of mechanism.
Tim Sackton:  the middle bookcase has very few intact books.
Tim Sackton:  And
Tim Sackton: the what strikes you as odd is that
Tim Sackton: the like? The top shelf
Tim Sackton: that
Tim Sackton: is like right at the top, the you know.
7 feet high like that. You can just kind of reach.
Tim Sackton: There's definitely some books that don't move
Tim Sackton: like you. They don't wiggle right? They sort of seem like they're fake books.
Tim Sackton: but you can't quite see up there to see like what exactly might the mechanism be. And you're like. like, if you could just climb up, get a boost somehow to see that shelf. Maybe you'd be able to figure it out.
Tim Sackton: But clearly there's something something odd about this middle bookcase.
John L: I motion towards sorry, Sarah. What's your character's name? Again?
John L: You're muted
Sara (she/her): sorry, Loria, so I motioned to Lori like I can hold you up if you. Wanna
John L: I'm inspecting books.
Sara (she/her): Yeah, there's nothing really over here. I may as well, I'll take a boost.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: Make a perception check.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's obvious when you're when you're boosted up that one of these fake books like around the back that's sort of hard to reach. There's a button, and if you like, hold the button and then push the book forward. The book will move.
Sara (she/her): and presumably we'll rotate the bookcase and dump you out into the next room. Okay? I looked down at everyone. I go. Oh, this is this is what it does. Do we?
Sara (she/her): Do? We want to do that?
Sara (she/her): I'm assuming we probably need to.
Dylan: Sorry is this the space that will lead us to the
Dylan: like? It's obvious that the next place that oh, it opens up to will have
Tim Sackton: unfriendly folk, or is it sort of like unknown as to why it does not sound like there's anybody in the immediate next room.
Dylan: Okay.
Tim Sackton: But there are definitely voices coming from direction of this wall.
Phil Grayson: If you want to rest for that spell, slot, this may be the
Tim Sackton: the most. This is definitely a safe place to rest. Nobody's been in this room, not not a long one, but like a short, I think could easily be done. It's not a bad idea.
Dylan: hey? Let's do a short rest. And then I think we should plan to press the button. Can we take a a real life?
Tim Sackton: Short rest, too. Yeah, perfect. Yes.
Tim Sackton: let's take a 10 min. Break
Dylan: perfect
Sara (she/her): cool.
Tim Sackton: I forgot to receive the recording. Oh, well, The clank of chains. And then this tail waving Gloria, make a another self check as you sneak over to the door.
Sara (she/her): 15.
Tim Sackton: You can hear behind this door, like a hissing, buzzing sound like some kind of swarm of giant insects.
John L: Hmm!
Sara (she/her): Form of insects. All right. That was enough for my curiosity, and I run back inside the room
Sara (she/her): to convey that to other people in which I can. I guess I have to be selfish of that, too. But that's that. One check is fine for the whole scouting mission. So we have scary bug vibes.
John L: chained monster vibes.
John L: so we can go north or south.
Dylan: Right? So so like law, wise. Did we know there was something big and scary that's like eating people. They feed them to something. Is that like what we got from the Goblin? All you know from the goblins is people go in the manner and never come out
Tim Sackton: grim. So Grimstone.
Tim Sackton: who wears a white marble masks, and nobody can see their face.
Sara (she/her): and they they work for Grimstone, and they made a comment about giving the lizard to Grimstone when we were chained up.
John L: not just checking cause. I was like. sorry. Yeah, meeting a scale the Lizard folk.
Tim Sackton: and they could keep the halfling alive for weeks on rotted food.
Sara (she/her):  So the gallery seems safer.
Sara (she/her): Gallery is like out and exposed to the elements. Is there like? Could you see anything at the end of the gallery? The door right. There's another door, like the the gallery itself, is like. The walls are
Tim Sackton: collapsed and the roof has collapsed. But there's another
Tim Sackton:  like. If you cross that open space. There's a solid wall with another door down here. Okay.
Dylan: so gallery. Or cause I'm worried about going into some other place. And big lizards thing I want to know more about the big lizard thing. So I'm trying to see if there's like another way to get different angle on it
Sara (she/her): from a dist from a safe distance.
Sara (she/her): There's a door here, too, at the end. Yeah, yeah.
Phil Grayson: yeah. I'm I'm curious to cut through the open air gallery. I think the door. So
Phil Grayson: away from the lizard and the bees
Sara (she/her): sounds more like giant mosquitoes than bees
Sara (she/her): perfect somehow. Worse.
Sara (she/her): Okay, so did we decide south for a gallery.
John L: I believe so. Seems to be the consensus.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So as you cut across this gallery space to the door.
Tim Sackton: a. As you approach this other door you can clearly hear
Tim Sackton: goblin coming from the other side.
Tim Sackton: Gloria translates. It seems like this. This sounds like
Tim Sackton: a guard post on the other side of this door, and it sounds like they're in the middle of a drill. You can hear. I
Tim Sackton: you can hear what sounds like maybe
Tim Sackton: 2 or 3 troop leaders.
Tim Sackton: Who are seem like they're drilling some recruits
Tim Sackton: at the moment. It sounds like maybe 2 sergeants.
Tim Sackton: or maybe 3 sergeants. It's hard to distinguish the voices, and they're in middle of a drill, and you can hear the 5 recruits like bang their, you know, go through their motions like wha wha
Tim Sackton: as they move the the
Tim Sackton: you know, in each position with their swords
Dylan: so like a great way to go. No, but I'm now thinking like if there's enough people around, what if, like, I don't know. Some big lizard was sit loose.
Dylan: you know, like they're chained it up, which means it doesn't get away. But what if it was like? Sit loose, and maybe we would have to? I don't know. Deal with that, but I don't know then would have a
Dylan: a neutral party, also causing havoc with these things. I can't imagine this thing wants to be chained up, and maybe it would just
Dylan: calls a ruckus and leave. I don't know.
Dylan: especially if we're thinking is a lot of people in this Nick space.
John L: We could like
Dylan: let the Wizard out and then make a mad dash for the secret, secure room, which is even even easier. If you're invisible.
John L: which I could be.
Sara (she/her): we'll all be in there. We'll definitely open the door.
John L: If the chains are able to be manipulated enough, I could also maybe unlock over made hand.
Sara (she/her): I guess if there's a key and stuff, so then it gets a lot trickier if it's locked locked up.
John L: But I do like to do this letting this thing go wild.
John L: We could even then open this. We could even then, like Mage, Hand, open the door and get all the recruits to run out to stop the dragon for the lizard thing that's tied up.
Phil Grayson: Yep.
Dylan: So how about we go back past, back, back into the original library room, which I think is like out base of operations right now.
John L: maybe we should peek at this north door. So we also know what we're dealing.
Dylan: Yeah. And then we might have to go a little closer to investigate this. Listen thing also. If it's in chains, we might be able to investigate from a safe distance, even if it does seem
Tim Sackton: peeking into the north door. You can see that there's another another hallway.
Tim Sackton:  this
Tim Sackton: intact. There's a few paintings on the wall. Nice paintings. one of like a coastal landscape, and then 2 more portraits of presumably other members of this Perdoli family.
Tim Sackton: I'm looking down this hall the hall.
Tim Sackton:  It goes so like there's a door here
Tim Sackton: right? And the hall goes in this direction
Tim Sackton: right at the far end. This is not exactly the scale. There's another door.
Tim Sackton: There's also another archway here. and there's another door here.
Tim Sackton: and this also leads into the courtyard that leads into the courtyard.
Dylan: That's cool, cause I
Dylan: maybe we can get like 2 happy, you know, view of whatever this is, or at least maybe that's like a way we can
Dylan: run around. It's not like a one way in one way out. Kind of thing. It's like, if we unleash it, we might be at a sort of pipe or something around.
Dylan: I think, going to that other whole way. I think we need to get an idea who else is in this building before we?
Sara (she/her): I'm worried about like eating to another fight, and then accidentally unleash hell on ourselves. Yes, yes.
Sara (she/her): as an expert in accidentally starting battles. That doesn't. So can we stealthily open the store? Then
Dylan: 7
Tim Sackton: yup,
Tim Sackton: There's there's nobody in this hall, so there's no real need to make a stealth check at the moment. And these, whatever buzzing in this room didn't hear you. So
Tim Sackton: As you head down in this direction.
Tim Sackton:  You
Tim Sackton: can now see also that this.
Tim Sackton: like looking down through this
Tim Sackton: corridor. Here you can see again. There's like a low wall, maybe a 5 foot wall that's been crudely constructed.
Tim Sackton: and then
Tim Sackton: somehow, behind the wall, all you can. You can't see the full. Whatever creature is. You just still see it's
Tim Sackton: tail weaving. But this this wall that's been built. Now that you can, you can presume, goes all the way around the inside of this courtyard. This was once like the Grand, you know, central courtyard of the villa, open open to the sky.
Tim Sackton: fancy arches like marble statues and things. but this
Tim Sackton: walls been constructed. It looks recent. That's blocking, whatever this
Tim Sackton: lizard creature is in the middle.
Dylan: I ask Grace Gail
Dylan: if he recognizes the list. You all have tails, if you want.
Phil Grayson: Okay.
Phil Grayson: let's see.
Phil Grayson: I think II think even
Tim Sackton: character. Dylan was meeting it more of a a gist, you know it's a tale he also got captured. I mean this, this is this is tale is somewhat
Tim Sackton: longer than like a scale tail is right.
John L: Are the it's and we can see it's trained up.
Tim Sackton: You can hear the chains rattling as it try as it paces around you. Can't. The tail is not changed. You can't see any of the body of this creature.
John L: I wonder if we may change hand and pull the tail just to see what it looks like. It's size, and it's general state
Dylan: like, give it a yank. It's just like a gentle one. But yeah, like attacked.
John L: should we try that?
John L: So all we see is a tail.
John L: Anybody have any? What's the range of mainhand
Sara (she/her): fee?
John L: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, yeah, I think. Well, this isn't precisely to scale.
Tim Sackton: yeah, actually, that would work like the whole. The whole courtyard, from end to end is maybe 60 feet across. So if you are right in the entrance you could get something that's in the middle.
John L: Umhm, so I will move towards. I
John L: I focus.
John L: and the mage hand appears, and nervously, slowly
John L: skirting the ground low to the ground. moves to the tail
John L: like delicately at the tip of the tail just apps at once.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Dylan: Oh, no.
Tim Sackton: This thing
Tim Sackton: like the the
Tim Sackton: full of chains as like it's it seems like it's trying to like rear up, but the
Tim Sackton: chain around its neck is holding it, and it manages to like push up enough just so that you can get a glimpse glimpse of its face. but for it's like pulled back as it's like straining against the chain, and then pulled back.
Tim Sackton:  Make a constitution saving throw.
Sara (she/her): all of us. Nope, just got in.
Tim Sackton: Aye.
Tim Sackton: as you glance at its eye
Tim Sackton: you feel this stiffness begin to come over you
Sara (she/her): as you slowly begin turning to stone. Oh, no! Whoops!
Tim Sackton: Somebody can pack this stone that's forming gowden off him before he is completely petrified.
Tim Sackton: But that will cause some damage.
John L: Would my own sword burst. Be able to do anything against this
Dylan: your rooms at all.
Tim Sackton: You'd have to be able to target yourself.
John L: but it just the blades just out from me.
John L: Would that do anything cause they don't like?
Sara (she/her):  I don't know. I was just
Tim Sackton: yeah Stone, forming all your arms like some.
John L: So III motion, please. Something.
Sara (she/her): No, it's a fixed damage in the monster. Stop log. It's not gonna help
Tim Sackton: cause like the skin is being ripped off your arms as you take 7 points of slashing damage
Dylan: as a creature now slink slow hiding behind this wall again.
Dylan: Hey! We dragged the chains rattle! We dragged, getting back behind the wall leading. Hack away. It is stone. Don't do that again.
John L: So don't like eye contact with it.
Dylan: Oh, yeah. Cause we did see a lot of stone stuff. Yeah, look, we're not the smartest group.
Phil Grayson: I thought it was the Medusa in the garden
Sara (she/her): this here, too.
Sara (she/her): Yeah.
Sara (she/her): yeah.
Sara (she/her): Probably should've seen that one
Dylan: no issue with no problem. We tried to see it coming. Yeah, before we go any further. Did we get describe what was behind these 2 doors, hey? So
Dylan: I don't like the thing in the middle.
Dylan: That's probably wise.
Dylan: Don't think we should just rush in there right now
Dylan: was there. So you see, there was a chain round some sort of nick. It sounds like this. A lot of chains like it doesn't sound like a quick and easy just I mean this, this faciles is like it. Now that you've got a glimpse of it around its neck, there's a thick
Tim Sackton: chain collar around its neck that keeps it from moving very much. It off. Seems to be chained in the middle of this courtyard. See, it's hidden by the wall.
Dylan: Got it? I mean you could. You could pull yourself up over the wall and look again if you wanted to.
Phil Grayson: I still like the idea of turning everyone here into statues.
Dylan: Me, too. But is there another way to get closer to it without?
Dylan: Because that was a real easy way for it to just look up and see us and boom stone.
Dylan: So did we have an idea. And it's like.
Dylan: I don't know
Dylan: line of sight or range. If it's if it was facing a particular direction like it's only facing west. Kind of thing we could approach it from a different it's it seems like it can turn. It has enough
Tim Sackton: freedom of movement to turn any direction. I just can't move more than about 5 or 10 feet from the center of the
Tim Sackton: of the room.
Dylan: It's basically fixed in place.
Dylan: you know, what can't turn to stone. Middle dogs!
Dylan: I actually see their condition. And they they it doesn't have immunities to paralysis or petrified. So I guess they could. But
Phil Grayson: what if we use it could? But you can always make a new one if it turns this down.
Phil Grayson: What if? What if we use the silver plate from the
Phil Grayson: from the tomb, to act as a mirror to make it turn itself to stone
now, with
Dylan: someone's, was it?
Sara (she/her): There it is.
Dylan: Yeah, Perseus, that's it.
Phil Grayson: Just gotta just gotta give it a little spit shine. It's got a couple of 100 years of dust on it. I mean, it's quite the silver was all very tarnished. You'd have to find some way to polish it
Tim Sackton: right
Phil Grayson: acid splash
Tim Sackton: like a mild. You're you're an alchemist. You could probably pull. You could probably come up with something, if you will. Well, with your alchemist tools check.
Dylan: Let's do it while he's doing that. Can I have a peek into this first double door?
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Phil Grayson: would that check?
Tim Sackton: Oh, I would say, this is like figuring out how to do something. I'd say, intelligence
Tim Sackton: plus plus proficiency. So plus 5,
Dylan: we're pretty smart. Okay, yeah.
Dylan: Artifices.
Phil Grayson: Yeah. I trust you
Tim Sackton: so as you glance glance into this
Tim Sackton: this double these double doors?
Tim Sackton: You're sorry your look. You wanted to look at the one that was, yeah, that one. Okay, the one on the side.
Tim Sackton: this seems to lead into.
Tim Sackton: You can see, like maybe a private study or a or a private sitting room. There's there's a door
Tim Sackton: to the left and to the right of that room.
Tim Sackton: So it's something like this with doors. This is horribly not to scale, and then there's like a big open archway, and you can see
Tim Sackton: directly to the north
the formal garden
Tim Sackton: and this lawn of like 20 statues with all their heads smashed off.
Dylan: Okay? So those doors might not be particularly.
Tim Sackton: But there's there's also a door here, and a door here from this private study, the study or sitting room. The sitting room itself is empty.
Dylan: Yeah, I'll sissy.
I got a 19 on that check
Tim Sackton: so you could definitely do this.
Tim Sackton:  between.
Tim Sackton: you know, the acid splash and and mending. It's not quite so simple as just casting a can trip. This would take you half an hour or something to polish up
Tim Sackton: the mirror takes some elbow grease to like, get it really shining into an actual mirror.
But you definitely, you've like figured out a way that you could do it with
Tim Sackton: with the spells you have.
Phil Grayson: you have mending? Right? I do.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Okay. So between athlet splash and mending you could. But it's not again. It wouldn't be just casting the spell. You have to take a half hour of work
Phil Grayson: alright. Well, I let everybody know. I can probably make this into a a mirror in 30 min or so. II don't know if it would actually turn the basilisk to stone, or not.
Phil Grayson: Assuming that it would be really good for them to breathe. If they can't look each other in the eyes.
Tim Sackton: you can make a nature check if you want.
Phil Grayson: Yeah, I can do that, maybe do better than the last thing to check
Phil Grayson: holy.
Phil Grayson: That's much better than the last page. Yeah. So okay, so 2 key facts about Basel.
Tim Sackton: They're not like Medusa. So Medusa's
Tim Sackton: you can turn them to stone with their reflection. And you recall now that the Medusa. the stone Medusa you saw.
Tim Sackton: was looking at her reflection in
Tim Sackton: fossilists. It's just their gaze.
Tim Sackton: If they see you, you turn to stone. It doesn't matter if you see them, and they can't turn each other to stone with their with their gaze. However.  You have heard stories. If you can cut one open
Tim Sackton: in their in their gut. I have
Tim Sackton:  a magical enzyme that lets them digest stone.
Tim Sackton: and that you can use to convert to create a depetrification solve.
Phil Grayson: Well, I'd like that as an artificer and a and an alchemist, I think that'd be pretty cool. Most of these people are beyond saving. But maybe that Medusa could be our new
Sara (she/her): our new best friend.
John L: or we just like chain her up and put like a hood over her head over the statue, head deep, petrifier, and then walk her in, and then
Tim Sackton: surprise. But in order to
Tim Sackton: extract a baselist god, it is typically required to kill the Basil. We couldn't give it food poisoning, and it just vomits it up.
Tim Sackton: No, it's like it's like the lining of it's you need to got out of it.
Sara (she/her): Do baselist have a language?
Dylan: No.
Tim Sackton: they're not very intelligent.
Sara (she/her): Hmm. alright.
Sara (she/her): we'll never mind that, hey? Well, it's not okay. It's not going anywhere, so we can like we're not in a rush to
Tim Sackton: definitely not going anywhere
Dylan: what's in so I guess that's the sitting room. So this is giving me a viable, the entrance.
Tim Sackton: This, this is given. This is like the vibe, is like
John L: private chambers of the patriarch of the family, or something
Tim Sackton: right up here in in this. You open this door.
Dylan: Yeah, let's have a look there, and then we can sort of open this door.
Tim Sackton: And there is. This was probably once a
Tim Sackton: I don't know, like a
Tim Sackton: part of a great hall, or like an entertaining room.
Tim Sackton: but it is now just filled with
Tim Sackton: statues.
Tim Sackton: These ones don't have their heads smashed off. There's like 15 statues.
Tim Sackton:  just kind of lined up in this hall
Tim Sackton: like this is. This is an entrance to a
quite a big hall.
Tim Sackton:  And they're all just kind of standing there.
Tim Sackton: Do they look like anyone like, are they just people, or are they like whoops, goblins? No, they're mostly people. You see, there's like one half of them.
Tim Sackton: because one dwarf
Tim Sackton: there's like 8 humans.  they all seem to be wearing like fancy clothes. They're all like sort of
Tim Sackton: neatly tailored like. These are extremely life-like statues.
Dylan: so
Dylan: maybe they were the original owners.
Sara (she/her): or they were the ones who were taken before us.
Dylan: Oh, that makes way more sense.
Sara (she/her): But
Phil Grayson: I I'm not understanding why
Dylan: why they're doing it at all yet. No, II haven't figured out the reason, either that okay, so is that room with all the statues of the people who are going to be very grateful. We save them?
Dylan: Is there any ex exits to that room, or is it just a room? I mean, this is this is quite a big room. This is like the great hall of the
Tim Sackton: of the Manor, and there's another
Tim Sackton: there's another
Tim Sackton: So like again, this is not like perfectly to scale.
Tim Sackton: We're talking something like that. There's another entrance to the courtyard and then there's
Tim Sackton: well, this. This goes down a little bit further side. There's another door here
Tim Sackton: and here at the far end, and there's like there's like a fireplace here. This was like clearly the like grand, entertaining space of the villa. There's
Tim Sackton: although it's hard to tell what it used to be because of the statues. Of course, you've just peeked in right? You haven't really investigated it all. So.
Dylan: okay.
Dylan: do we just want to know the little hobgo?
Dylan: Do we just have a quick look in these side rooms adjacent to the sitting room.
Sara (she/her): just to. Yeah, just just to
Dylan: tick it off, just to be like, alright. We know it's in the
Dylan: mosquito room. I'm just avoiding cause that sounds like I don't wanna go in there.
Dylan: no one wants to go to the skier. It just sounds awful.
Dylan: So I kinda would just wanna peek into these other 2 rooms and look in the sitting room space.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: So in those 2 rooms.
The one on which one do you want to look at first.
Dylan: The good list. Do the lifts, and then we can do right.
Tim Sackton: This one. Okay, so you open that door.
Tim Sackton: Look through it. You can see that there is. This is a bed chamber.
Tim Sackton: It's still decorated.  There is a 4 poster bed.  There's
Tim Sackton: painting on the wall again of one of these Perdoi men.
Tim Sackton: There's a tapestry that's rotted, and as falling away there's like 2 big windows that look out at the gardens
Tim Sackton: and floating
Tim Sackton: moving back and forth
across the bed.
Tim Sackton: moaning
Tim Sackton: is a ghost
Tim Sackton: ghost who looks dressed like a sailor.
Dylan: and seems to be
Tim Sackton: screaming in pain or sadness.
Tim Sackton: just pacing back and forth
Tim Sackton: across the bed, floating through the bed.
Dylan: I don't I don't. I don't know. I don't like, you know. Maybe this having a rough night's sleep.
John L: So far you're just peeking into these rooms right? I'm assuming you're not actually entering any? Is it like? Is like this? Is his room.
John L: or is it like he's pretending he's on a boat or something?
Tim Sackton: Oh, no, it seems like this is like his bedroom.
John L:  hmm!
Dylan: What's that? The other
Tim Sackton: looks like a study
Tim Sackton: like a private study.
Tim Sackton:  There's smashed glass and broken mirrors everywhere.
Tim Sackton: 4 perfectly arranged statues.
Tim Sackton: and a desk that seems to have papers piled on it.
Tim Sackton: and what looks like a small locket sitting on the desk
Tim Sackton: can't tell more from here.
Dylan: Hey? I'm surprised, is not like a ghost moaning over some like study notes or something in that room.
Dylan: I'm very curious about the locket. Yeah, let's go into the safer looking room.
Sara (she/her): Watch it be a mimic.
Tim Sackton: So Jesus don't don't do that. These statues look old. These are like maybe
Tim Sackton: 70, 80 years old. These are not fresh statues like the ones in the great hall.
Tim Sackton: Their heads have also been smashed off.
Tim Sackton:  There is shattered glass everywhere on the floor.
Tim Sackton: like there looks like there was once like A standing mirror, or a wall mirror, or something
Tim Sackton: that's just been broken into pieces. The locket is a silver locket with a faded painting of a young woman, and the inscription.
Tim Sackton: 2 Jm. With love P. And a folded slip of paper inside that might once have read, Keep safe and come back.
Tim Sackton: and there's like a sheaf of papers that look
Tim Sackton: look less aged than the
Tim Sackton: than the Pardoli family papers from the Secret room.
John L: Hmm.
Sara (she/her): Page
John L: less age. So they're newer, less age. They're newer.
Tim Sackton: So you
Tim Sackton: if you wanna take the time to read the papers, go investigate something else.
Sara (she/her): Army wants to talk to the ghost. Yeah.
John L: We could try to deceive the ghost.
Sara (she/her): Do we know if the ghost needs deceiving?
John L: Well, II could look like I could either make myself look like the portrait we saw the man with the mustache, presumably the head of the house.
John L: or I can make myself look like the woman in the locket.
Sara (she/her): I beat you. There's something in this study with like information about why this ghost might be moaning, cause like, you know, maybe someone didn't come back home having a cry. Kind of thing. The ghost is a sailor. It makes me feel like the sailor is the one who didn't come back
Sara (she/her): in time, or something like died at sea, and is now sad and possibly named. Jm.
Dylan: yeah.
Dylan: So I don't know. It's gonna be more information about this on the papers. What I'm thinking in this study before talking to the goes, I wanna talk to. Yes, let's study the study, or
Tim Sackton: so does anybody have
Tim Sackton: proficiency with
Tim Sackton: cartographers, tools, or map making, or vehicles?
Tim Sackton: Oh, I have vehicles, I have water vehicles. I have landed. Oh, and you're a smuggler. I'm a smuggler, too. I have a forgery kit and water vehicles. all the vehicles. So you you all start sorting through these documents. And John, the first thing
Tim Sackton: Gaeta notices is that there's like this leather document case that's got a faded map
Tim Sackton: which has, like markers for like safe pirate coves and
Tim Sackton: Navy Patrol routes.
Tim Sackton: This this clearly seems like a smuggler's map, or like a pirate's map, like.
Tim Sackton: you know, here's how you avoid the you know, this particular Navy Patrol.
Tim Sackton: and you recall that, you know, maybe a generation or so ago
Tim Sackton: this part of the world was a was a haven of piracy, like there were pirates based out of practically every little harbor.
Tim Sackton: and the pirates. The pirates were crushed
Tim Sackton: by the navy of of a city across the sea.  But this to you looks with your smuggler history. This looks like, you know, pirate documents like
Tim Sackton: this was the. This is like the maps and the information of some set of smugglers who were trying to avoid the navy. During this time, when the Navy was
Tim Sackton: stamping out piracy.
Tim Sackton: You also find a collection of what look like love letters.
Tim Sackton:  written to just the initials Jm. Is what they're all addressed with
Tim Sackton: 2 Jm. And they're all signed
Tim Sackton:  love P.
I.
Tim Sackton: And they go into detail about like you know. Please come home. Please be safe. There's other ways to make money. We can run away and start a life together.
Tim Sackton:  And then the last one is
Tim Sackton: a panic
Tim Sackton:  my family. My father's been caught by the navy.
Tim Sackton: I have to go try and rescue him.
Tim Sackton: pray that I'm safe, that I return safely.
Tim Sackton: Kind of seem like letters from one pirate to another. maybe one of whom the woman. P. Was
Tim Sackton: doubtful of the pirate life.
Tim Sackton: Jm. Maybe seemed more sold on the pilot life.
Tim Sackton: and you also find a collection of
Tim Sackton: like notes and maps. That sort of outline. Seek, you know, passages that lead
Tim Sackton: through go up into the hills. Yeah. This manner was maybe a
Tim Sackton: safe place
Tim Sackton: to store goods far from attention. There's little notes like
Tim Sackton: nobody will come to the cursed Portoli manner. Everybody is afraid of the Medusa.
Tim Sackton: but this is all. 40 years ago something like that.
John L: I'm really concerned about what was able to trick or force them to do so. Look into a lake like that. Well, Medusa is always end up tricking themselves.
Dylan: So does that give us any information like. So I guess we gotta talk to the ghost to figure out what the ghost
Dylan: is exactly because it kind of could be
Dylan: culmination of people or one person in particular. I guess we don't know exactly. Jm, like, maybe he came back sick or injured, or already dead at his hunting.
John L: He's acting like he's sick on the bed, right
Sara (she/her): or sad. She's like pacing around sad.
Sara (she/her): Yeah, I feel like Jm. Was away doing piratey things, and P. Was in the manner, maybe, and then he had to leave to go save their father. And then Jam came back.
Sara (she/her): and they were, and he was dead, or something.
Sara (she/her): I feel like the ghost might be jam meandering in the bedroom. Sad that he's that he's lost Pete.
Sara (she/her): That's my theory, though. we could also talk to him.
Dylan: Yeah, I think we should just go have a quick chat just to double check.
Dylan: I don't know what information you're gonna get from them. But like.
Dylan: but maybe just helps this growing. What's going on
Sara (she/her): in the manner.
Dylan: yeah, maybe the ghost can help us out with the next step.
Tim Sackton: But I think just for for for time, Tim, do we just wanna go check to the ghost and then probably
Tim Sackton: app. That's what I was gonna suggest is, let's
Tim Sackton: role play the ghost and then stop there. Okay, okay, I'm worried. If we stop now, I'm gonna forget what you just told me.
Dylan: It'll be perfect to end on the ghost.
John L: Hmm, hmm.
Dylan: okay, let's do it
Dylan: very nicely. Who's gonna whose charismatic
Dylan: the wall lock is what I'm assuming. Yes. Do we go in deceiving the ghost or being honest?
Dylan: I like, what's your intention with the ghost like, do we wanna just be like, Hey, stop. Or do we like
Sara (she/her): like, like with online?
Dylan: Yeah, hey, wait. Why are you crying? Why are you? What is this place?
John L: Want to, Twinkie, like, you know, like
John L: I wanna know if the ghost is involved with the hold on 1 s guys, my headphones just died.
Dylan: Now you're good.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
John L: sorry. I missed the last like
John L: 30 s. So if you said anything I needed to hear
John L: to the ghost about okay.
Dylan:  Well.
Dylan: I think Gaines got, I think. Got it. I think it's time to shine is 19 years old. I'm kind of.
John L: And over his head. okay, Nope.
Dylan: sink or swim, Buddy, let's do
John L: okay. So I assume it's like the thing right? I knock on the door. You go. Guys are behind me watching yeah and listening case like.
John L: leave it out, hey, hey, Buddy.
Tim Sackton: this face just turns, and there's this
Tim Sackton: sort of visage of just rage and
Tim Sackton: sadness looking at you, and like this goes, goes to draw like a a rapier or a scimitar. Nothing comes out of his sheath, but he just points his hand at you, and just screeches.
Tim Sackton: Get out.
John L: and I'm like
John L: I mean, no harm.
John L: What's what's going on here?
Tim Sackton: Who dares disturb my mourning?
John L: I slight red con like I have the locket. So
Tim Sackton: oh, you're carrying the locket. Yeah, yeah. Sorry.
John L: Is this yours? Right? Open it up so we can see it.
Tim Sackton: His his face turns calm
Tim Sackton: just for a moment.
Tim Sackton: briefly, sort of peaceful and sad.
Tim Sackton: Where did you get that? That's mine. and he goes to reach for it, and is, of course his hand passes straight through the locket.
John L: It's it was in the room down the hallway.
John L: What happened?
The white-faced man said he'd bring it to me.
Tim Sackton: Never has deceitful traitor
John L: hurt us too.
John L: White faced man
Tim Sackton: like how much is towards you?
John L: What can you tell me? I try not to flint, so I try to be calm, as the ghost is what like what reaches like to touch your face.
Tim Sackton: His hand sort of passes through your face, and he pulls it back. Make a persuasion check.
John L: Ach!
Tim Sackton: He looks at you
Tim Sackton: like again. Sort of reaching here.
Tim Sackton: You feel flash.
Tim Sackton: You have not been hurt by the white faced man.
Tim Sackton: You still breathe, and he sticks his hand into your chest
Tim Sackton: like you feel this icy cold around your heart.
Tim Sackton: You are flesh.
John L: Why do you claim you have been wronged when you have not. He was going to kill me. He was going to take my flesh from me.
Who's
Tim Sackton: everyone dies?
John L: Don't have to die now.
John L: these statues here we could maybe save them.
John L: give their flush back kind of mine.
Tim Sackton: which is again trying to grab the lock.
John L: What did the man and white do?
Tim Sackton: He sort of moves slowly back and forth.
Tim Sackton: drifts towards you?
Tim Sackton: You ask questions?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, do nothing. Give me my
John L: possessions. And he again tries to grab for it, and his hand passes through the locket.
John L: I look at the locket, and I
John L: I know he's also
John L: I cringe when I do this because I'm not supposed to do it, but
John L: I do disguise self to make myself look like the woman in the locket
Dylan: make
Tim Sackton: make a deception check.
Dylan: It's me, honey.
Tim Sackton: that's pretty good.
Tim Sackton:  yeah, yeah. Yeah. His. His face just
Tim Sackton: stops for a moment.
Tim Sackton: He just
Tim Sackton:  but you know, briefly, just
Tim Sackton: looks
Dylan: shocked and uncertain.
Tim Sackton: and he just stares at you for like a beat of 2, like 3,
or
Tim Sackton: almost like a full minute just.
Tim Sackton: And he says.
Tim Sackton: Trona.
Tim Sackton: is that you?
Tim Sackton: Where did you go? Why did you leave me?
John L: I'm trapped here.
John L: They're trying to save me.
John L: Help them.
John L: And then I cast this guy's self again, going back to my elf disguise
Tim Sackton: you
Tim Sackton: make. Make! Make a persuasion check with advantage.
Dylan: II would have not. I would have not done this. I would have been so stupid, or something, or given off great.
Dylan: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: he looks.
Tim Sackton: I saw
Tim Sackton: I saw her.
Tim Sackton: Petrona
Tim Sackton: thought she was lost at sea.
Tim Sackton: never knew her fate, could not rest until I knew what happened.
John L: This man White. He takes people and captures them and turns them is what he's gonna do to me.
Tim Sackton: We
Tim Sackton: e
Tim Sackton: his face begins to turn this like just
Tim Sackton: rage.
Tim Sackton: He lied to me. He lied. promised he would set me free. promised he would bring me my locket. Bring me rest.
Tim Sackton: bring me news. He did not tell me he had trapped her
Tim Sackton: is deceitful and evil. You must kill him.
John L: help us!
Tim Sackton: Cannot leave this room.
Oh.
Tim Sackton: can tell you where he is.
John L: Where is he?
Tim Sackton: As lair is in the old. my old hideout. Beneath this manner.
Eve.
Tim Sackton: he points down and his hand passes through the rug on the floor.
Tim Sackton: There is a trapdoor
Tim Sackton: that leads
Tim Sackton: to my old base.
Tim Sackton: where we hid from the navy raids. and they came up into the hills. He lets no one down.
Tim Sackton: I am his guard, but I will not guard no more.
Tim Sackton: I am done with him.
Tim Sackton: He is crazy.
Tim Sackton: Talks about the immortality of stone.
Dylan: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: Be careful.
Tim Sackton: Add some
Tim Sackton: laboratory.
grinds up fingers.
You
Tim Sackton: see him carrying them from the statues.
Tim Sackton: Fingers of stone as he goes below.
Tim Sackton: Make some potions from them. says he can live forever.
John L: We'll stop him. Let him
Tim Sackton: will not let him leave again.
Dylan: Oh, yeah.
John L: we'll stop him. Don't worry. You must go
Tim Sackton: down
Dylan: sick. Yeah. Sounds like insane.
Sara (she/her): That was so good.